19274464	Diffusion and reaction in the cell glycocalyx and the extracellular matrix	Many biologically important macromolecular reactions are assembled and catalyzed at the cell lipid-surface and thus, the extracellular matrix and the glycocalyx layer mediate transfer and exchange of reactants and products between the flowing blood and the catalytic lipid-surface. This paper presents a mathematical model of reaction-diffusion equations that simply describes the transfer process and explores its influence on surface reactivity for a prototypical pathway, the tissue factor (Tf) pathway of blood coagulation. The progressively increasing friction offered by the matrix and glycocalyx to reactants and to the product (coagulation factors X, VIIa and Xa) approaching the reactive surface is simulated and tested by solving the equations numerically with both, monotonically decreasing and constant diffusion profiles. Numerical results show that compared to isotropic transfer media, the anisotropic structure of the matrix and glycocalyx sharply decreases overall reaction rates and significantly increases the mean transit time of reactants; this implies that the anisotropy modifies the distribution of reactants. Results also show that the diffusional transfer, whether isotropic or anisotropic, influences reaction rates according to the order at which the reactants arrive at the boundary. Faster rates are observed when at least one of the reactants is homogeneously distributed before the other arrives at the boundary than when both reactants transfer simultaneously from the boundary.
19375691	Understanding customers' holistic perception of switches in automotive human-machine interfaces	For successful new product development, it is necessary to understand the customers' holistic experience of the product beyond traditional task completion, and acceptance measures. This paper describes research in which ninety-eight UK owners of luxury saloons assessed the feel of push-switches in five luxury saloon cars both in context (in-car) and out of context (on a bench). A combination of hedonic data (i.e. a measure of 'liking'), qualitative data and semantic differential data was collected. It was found that customers are clearly able to differentiate between switches based on the degree of liking for the samples' perceived haptic qualities, and that the assessment environment had a statistically significant effect, but that it was not universal. A factor analysis has shown that perceived characteristics of switch haptics can be explained by three independent factors defined as 'Image', 'Build Quality', and 'Clickiness'. Preliminary steps have also been taken towards identifying whether existing theoretical frameworks for user experience may be applicable to automotive human-machine interfaces.
19401818	Plant vaccines: An immunological perspective	The advent of technologies to express heterologous proteins in planta has led to the proposition that plants may be engineered to be safe, inexpensive vehicles for the production of vaccines and possibly even vectors for their delivery. The immunogenicity of a variety of antigens of relevance to vaccination expressed in different plants has been assessed. The purpose of this article is to examine the utility of plant-expression systems in vaccine development from an immunological perspective.
19401819	Display of peptides on the surface of tobacco mosaic virus particles	In this review, we focus on the potential that tobacco mosaic virus (TMV) has as a carrier for immunogenic epitopes, and the factors that must be considered in order to bring products based on this platform to the market. Large Scale Biology Corporation developed facile and scaleable methods for manufacture of candidate peptide display vaccines based on TMV. We describe how rational design of peptide vaccines can improve the manufacturability of particular TMV products. We also discuss downstream processing and purification of the vaccine products, with particular attention to the metrics that a product must attain in order to meet criteria for regulatory approval as injectable biologics.
19401820	Chloroplast-derived vaccine antigens and biopharmaceuticals: Expression, folding, assembly and functionality	Chloroplast genetic engineering offers several advantages, including high levels of transgene expression, transgene containment via maternal inheritance, and multi-gene expression in a single transformation event. Oral delivery is facilitated by hyperexpression of vaccine antigens against cholera, tetanus, anthrax, plague, or canine parvovirus (4%-31% of total soluble protein, TSP) in transgenic chloroplasts (leaves) or non-green plastids (carrots, tomato) as well as the availability of antibiotic free selectable markers or the ability to excise selectable marker genes. Hyperexpression of several therapeutic proteins, including human serum albumin (11.1% TSP), somatotropin (7% TSP), interferon-alpha (19% TSP), interferon-gamma (6% TSP), and antimicrobial peptide (21.5% TSP), facilitates efficient and economic purification. Also, the presence of chap-erones and enzymes in chloroplasts facilitates assembly of complex multisubunit proteins and correct folding of human blood proteins with proper disulfide bonds. Functionality of chloroplast-derived vaccine antigens and therapeutic proteins has been demonstrated by several assays, including the macrophage lysis assay, GM1-ganglioside binding assay, protection of HeLA cells or human lung carcinoma cells against encephalomyocarditis virus, systemic immune response, protection against pathogen challenge, and growth or inhibition of cell cultures. Purification of human proinsulin has been achieved using novel purification strategies (inverse temperature transition property) that do not require expensive column chromatography techniques. Thus, transgenic chloroplasts are ideal bio-reactors for production of functional human and animal therapeutic proteins in an environmentally friendly manner.
19401821	Production of antibodies in plants: Approaches and perspectives	Advances in molecular biology, immunology, and plant biotechnology have changed the paradigm of plant as a food source to so-called plant bioreactor to produce valuable recombinant proteins. These include therapeutic or diagnostic monoclonal antibodies, vaccines, and other biopharmaceutical proteins. The plant as a bioreactor for the production of therapeutic proteins has several advantages, which include the lack of animal pathogenic contaminants, low cost of production, and ease of agricultural scale-up compared to other currently available systems. Thus, plants are considered to be a potential alternative to compete with other systems such as bacteria, yeast, or insect and mammalian cell culture. Plant production systems, particularly therapeutic antibodies, are very attractive to pharmaceutical companies to produce the antibodies in demand. Currently, we have successfully developed a plant system for production of anti-rabies monoclonal antibody and anti-colorectal cancer monoclonal antibody. The effective plant production system for recombinant antibodies requires the appropriate plant expression machinery with optimal combination of transgene expression regulatory elements, control of posttranslational protein processing, and efficient purification methods for product recovery. However, there are several limitations that have to be resolved to establish the efficient plant system for antibody production. Here, we discuss the approaches and perspectives in plant systems to produce monoclonal antibody.
19401822	Plant production of veterinary vaccines and therapeutics	Plant-derived biologicals for use in animal health are becoming an increasingly important target for research into alternative, improved methods for disease control. Although there are no commercial products on the market yet, the development and testing of oral, plant-based vaccines is now beyond the proof-of-principle stage. Vaccines, such as those developed for porcine transmissible gastroenteritis virus, have the potential to stimulate both mucosal and systemic, as well as, lactogenic immunity as has already been seen in target animal trials. Plants are a promising production system, but they must compete with existing vaccines and protein production platforms. In addition, regulatory hurdles will need to be overcome, and industry and public acceptance of the technology are important in establishing successful products.
19401823	Plant-based oral vaccines: Results of human trials	Vaccines consisting of transgenic plant-derived antigens offer a new strategy for development of safe, inexpensive vaccines. The vaccine antigens can be eaten with the edible part of the plant or purified from plant material. In phase 1 clinical studies of prototype potato- and corn-based vaccines, these vaccines have been safe and immunogenic without the need for a buffer or vehicle other than the plant cell. Transgenic plant technology is attractive for vaccine development because these vaccines are needle-less, stable, and easy to administer. This chapter examines some early human studies of oral transgenic plant-derived vaccines against enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli infection, norovirus, and hepatitis B.
19423075	Evaluation of a 3 year intervention to increase adoption of safer nursery crop production practices	Background: We conducted a 3 year intervention to increase awareness and adoption of eight more profitable nursery crop production practices that reduced certain traumatic and musculoskeletal injury hazards. Methods: We disseminated information to nursery managers across seven states using information channels they were known to rely on (e.g. trade publications, public events, university Extension, other managers). We evaluated rolling, independent, probability samples (n = 1200) with mail questionnaires before the intervention and after each of 3 intervention years. We also evaluated samples (n = 250) from a comparison group of New Zealand nursery managers. Results: The intervention was associated with increased awareness of four of the eight practices among US managers after year 3 compared to their baseline: zippers (20 vs. 32%, p‰¤ 0.000), stools (11 vs. 22%, p‰¤ 0.001), pruners (29 vs. 40%, p‰¤ 0.014), and tarps (24 vs. 33%, p‰¤ 0.009). There were no changes in adoption. New Zealand manager awareness was increased for hoes after year 2 compared to their baseline (35 vs. 52%, p‰¤ 0.010). Conclusions: A modest, regionwide information dissemination intervention was associated with increased awareness, but not adoption.
19426963	Evaluation of four cursor control devices during a target acquisition task for laparoscopic tool control	Current laparoscopic surgery instruments create awkward postures which produce fatigue and pressure points in surgeons. In order to alleviate some of this discomfort a new laparoscopic tool had been developed with the inclusion of an articulating end-effector manipulated by a trackball. The current study was developed to access the performance of four input devices which could replace the manual trackball in a powered laparoscopic tool. A simple Fitts' law task was conducted and the devices' performance was evaluated with both subjective and objective measures. This article makes three main contributions to the scientific community. First, it provides a comparison of four control devices (TouchPad, Mouse Button Module, MiniJoystick Module and MicroJoystick) for use in a powered laparoscopic tool. Second, it provides an understanding of how the non-traditional measure of target re-entry can be utilized to compare control devices and how this relates to the more traditional measures of throughput and error rate. Finally, it contributes to the understanding of how a user's familiarity with a control device could affect the subjective and objective performance of the device. The main results indicate that the TouchPad and MicroJoystick are the best candidate-devices for use in a powered laparoscopic tool. The article also provides support for utilizing the new measure target re-entry when comparing control performance. Although studied in the application of laparoscopic surgery, the results can be generalized for the design of any hand-held device in which the speed and accuracy of the control device is critical.
19447381	Organisational factors and scheduling in locomotive engineers and conductors: Effects on fatigue, health and social well-being	This study examines critical organisational factors and work scheduling in railway freight operators to understand how job-related factors are related to fatigue, health and social well-being. A 148-item questionnaire was developed and distributed to a sample of 276 locomotive engineers and conductors working for the U.S. Operations of a North American Railway. One hundred and twenty-five questionnaires were returned, which was a response rate of 45.3%. Structural equation modeling was performed to identify the relationships between the examined factors. The analytical results of this study indicate that organisational factors and the scheduling system could not be distinguished as two separate factors. The scheduling system is not just the practice of assigning locomotive crewmen to trains, but it is a function tightly connected with other organisational factors. Social Well-Being is an important mediator between Scheduling and Fatigue. Finally, the study revealed a strong relationship between fatigue and health complaints.
19451014	Effectiveness of ultrasound for the destruction of Mycobacterium sp. strain (6PY1)	Ultrasound is widely used to disinfect drinking water and wastewater due to its strong physical and chemical effects on microorganisms. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of ultrasound on the destruction of Mycobacterium strain 6PY1. Ultrasound waves (20 kHz or 612 kHz) were used to treat aqueous suspensions of Mycobacterium at different volumes, initial bacterial concentrations, and power densities. At the same power density and the same exposure time, sonication at high frequency resulted in a lower destruction of Mycobacterium sp. 6PY1 (35.5%) than sonication at low frequency (93%). The percentage of removal was not significantly affected by the volume of the irradiated suspension (150-300 ml) or the initial cell concentration (2.15 Ã— 10-3-1.4 Ã— 10-2 mg protein L-1). At low frequency, the removal percentage of Mycobacterium sp. 6PY1 increased with increasing the power density, with a constant level reached after a certain power density. At high frequency, the removal percentage of Mycobacterium sp. 6PY1 increased with increasing the power density. The mechanism of cell killing was investigated by examining the effects of OH{radical dot} radical scavengers such as sodium carbonate. At high frequency the presence of sodium carbonate suppressed the removal process. However, at low frequency the removal process was not affected, thus indicating that OH{radical dot} radicals have a negligible role in this case. The latter result was supported by ten time's H2O2 production at high frequency greater than that at low frequency.
19464939	Ultrasound stimulus effect on hydrogen bonding in networked alumina and polyacrylic acid slurry	The influence of ultrasound (US) on the viscosity of aqueous slurry composing polyacrylic acid (PAA) and alumina was studied. For exposure to an aqueous slurry solution, US waves emitted at three different frequencies of 28, 45, and 100 kHz were used. Results show that the stimulus effect of US on viscosity change was a breakage of the hydrogen bonding networks of alumina and PAA in the slurry solution. That decrease in viscosity was enhanced strongly by US exposure as the output power was increased from 175 to 300 W. In addition, a lower US frequency was effective for slurry viscosity reduction. The reduced viscosity of the slurry also depended on the solution pH. After US was stopped, the viscosity increased gradually and recovered to its original value within about 15 min. The stimulus effect on the viscosity change was cycled by US.
19464940	Direct observation of cavitation fields at 23 and 515 kHz	Direct observation of cavitation fields using photography, sonoluminescence and luminol "mapping" is reported for a 23 kHz horn sonicator and a 515 kHz plate transducer system. The effect of sound intensity and added surfactant on the cavitation fields is described. The observations support previously reported results suggesting significant differences in the cavitation fields between the two sonication systems.
19467908	Synthesis of glycoluril catalyzed by potassium hydroxide under ultrasound irradiation	Synthesis of the glycolurils catalyzed by potassium hydroxide was carried out in 17-75% yield at 40°C in EtOH under ultrasound irradiation. Compared to the method using stirring, the main advantage of the present procedure is milder conditions and shorter reaction time.
19481967	Ultrasonic degradation, mineralization and detoxification of diclofenac in water: Optimization of operating parameters	The 20 kHz ultrasound-induced degradation of non-steroidal, anti-inflammatory drug diclofenac (DCF) was investigated. Several operating conditions, such as power density (25-100 W/L), substrate concentration (2.5-80 mg/L), initial solution pH (3.5-11), liquid bulk temperature and the type of sparging gas (air, oxygen, argon), were tested concerning their effect on DCF degradation (as assessed measuring absorbance at 276 nm) and hydroxyl radicals generation (as assessed measuring H2O2 concentration). Sample mineralization (in terms of TOC and COD removal), aerobic biodegradability (as assessed by the BOD5/COD ratio) and ecotoxicity to Daphnia magna and Artemia salina were followed too. DCF conversion is enhanced at increased applied power densities and liquid bulk temperatures, acidic conditions and in the presence of dissolved air or oxygen. The reaction rate increases with increasing DCF concentration in the range 2.5-5 mg/L but it remains constant in the range 40-80 mg/L, indicating different kinetic regimes (i.e. first and zero order, respectively). H2O2 production rates in pure water are higher than those in DCF solutions, implying that decomposition basically proceeds through hydroxyl radical reactions. Mineralization is a slow process as reaction by-products are more stable than DCF to total oxidation; nonetheless, they are also more readily biodegradable. Toxicity to D. magna increases during the early stages of the reaction and then decreases progressively upon degradation of reaction by-products; nevertheless, complete toxicity elimination cannot be achieved at the conditions in question. Neither the original nor the treated DCF samples are toxic to A. salina.
19481968	Application of ultrasound in grape mash treatment in juice processing	Recently, application of ultrasound has attracted considerable interest as an alternative approach to traditional methods. In this study, response surface methodology (RSM) was used to optimize the conditions for grape mash treatment by ultrasound and by combination of ultrasound and enzyme. The results indicated that optimal conditions were the temperature of 74°C and the time of 13 min for sonication treatment; and were the enzyme concentration of 0.05% and the time of 10 min for combined ultrasound and enzyme treatment. In comparison with traditionally enzymatic treatment, sonication treatment increased extraction yield 3.4% and shortened treatment time over three times; combined ultrasound and enzyme treatment increased extraction yield slightly, only 2%, but shortened treatment time over four times. After sonication treatment, enzymatic treatment increased extraction yield 7.3% and total treatment time of this method was still shorter than that of traditionally enzymatic treatment method. Besides, application of ultrasound improved the grape juice quality because it increased contents of sugars, total acids and phenolics as well as color density of grape juice.
19481969	Growth mechanism and optical property of CdS nanoparticles synthesized using amino-acid histidine as chelating agent under sonochemical process	Using amino-acid histidine as chelating agent, CdS nanoparticles have been synthesized by sonochemical method. It is found that by varying the ultrasonic irradiation time, we can tune the band gap and particle size of CdS nanoparticles. The imidazole ring of histidine captures the Cd ions from the solution, and prevents the growth of the CdS nanoparticles. The deviation in the linear relation in between cube of radius of nanoparticles and ultrasonic irradiation time confirms the growth of CdS nanoparticles occur via two process; one is the diffusion process of the reactants as well as reaction at the surface of the crystallite. CdS nanoparticles synthesized using histidine as organic chelating agent have band edge emission atˆ¼481 nm and have greater photoluminescence intensity with blue-shift to higher energy due to typical quantum confinement effect.
19482504	Sonochemical synthesis of a new nano-structures bismuth(III) supramolecular compound: New precursor for the preparation of bismuth(III) oxide nano-rods and bismuth(III) iodide nano-wires	A new nanostructured Bi(III) supramolecular compound, {[Bi2(4,4â€²-Hbipy)1.678(4,4â€²-Hbipy) 0.322(Î¼-I)2I5.678] (4,4â€²-bipy)} (1), 4,4â€²-bipy = 4,4â€²-bipyridine} was synthesized by a sonochemical method. The nano-structure of 1 was investigated using scanning electron microscopy, powder X-ray powder diffraction (XRD), IR spectroscopy and elemental analysis, and the crystal structure of compound 1 was determined by single-crystal X-ray diffraction. The thermal stability of bulk compound 1 and of nano sized particles was studied by thermal gravimetric (TG) and differential thermal analyses (DTA). Bi2O3 and BiI3 nano-structures were obtained by calcinations of nano-structures of compound 1 at 400°C under air and nitrogen atmospheres, respectively.
19495811	Nitrogen form influences the response of Deschampsia antarctica to dark septate root endophytes	Fungi with dematiaceous septate hyphae, termed dark septate endophytes (DSE), are common in plant roots, particularly in cold-stressed habitats, but their effects on their host plants remain obscure. Here, we report a study that assessed the effects of six DSE on the growth and nutrient balance of Deschampsia antarctica when plants were supplied with the same amount of nitrogen in organic (casein hydrolysate) or inorganic (ammonium sulphate) form under controlled conditions. After 60 days, the DSE, that had each been isolated from D. antarctica and which analyses of internal transcribed spacer and large subunit regions indicated were similar to members of the Helotiales (Oculimacula yallundae, Mollisia and Tapesia spp.) and unassigned anamorphic ascomycetes, typically had no effect on, or reduced by 33-71%, shoot and root dry weights relative to uninoculated controls when plants had been supplied with nitrogen in inorganic form. In contrast, the DSE usually enhanced shoot and root dry weights by 51-247% when plants had been supplied with organic nitrogen. In the presence of inorganic nitrogen, only sporadic effects of DSE were recorded on shoot and root nitrogen or phosphorus concentrations, whereas in the presence of organic nitrogen, three to six of the DSE isolates increased shoot and root nitrogen and phosphorus contents. Most of the isolates decreased the phosphorus concentrations of shoots and roots when plants had been supplied with nitrogen in organic form. Our data suggest that DSE are able to mineralise peptides and amino acids in the rhizosphere, making nitrogen more freely available to roots.
19497557	The relationship between foot pain, anthropometric variables and footwear among older people	Objective: To verify the prevalence of pain among older people when wearing shoes, and the relationships between foot pain, high-heeled shoes and anthropometric variables. Method: Both feet of 227 older women and 172 older men were evaluated with respect to anthropometric variables, arch index and foot posture index. The participants were also asked about the presence of foot pain while wearing high-heeled shoes. The data were analyzed using the Chi-square test, Pearson's correlation, MANOVA, multiple regression analysis, t test, and analysis of probability. Findings: The prevalence of foot pain when wearing shoes was high and was associated with the female gender, however wearing high-heeled shoes was not associated with pain. The women with foot pain presented larger values for the circumferences of the metatarsal heads and the instep (after normalization with the foot length) than those without pain. The men with pain did not present different measurements from those without pain.
19497776	Investigation on ultrasound-assisted extraction of salvianolic acid B from Salvia miltiorrhiza root	It is reported that salvianolic acid B, a bioactive phenolic compound contained in the root of Salvia miltiorrhiza, exhibits a much stronger activity in free radical scavenging and antioxidance than those of vitamin E. When a conventional refluxing method is adopted to extract salvianolic acid B from the root, in which the materials are subjected to higher temperature and longer time, the yield of this phenolic compound is lower due to the possibility of its hydrolysis to tanshinol. However, a higher extraction yield can be achieved over a shorter time period and lower temperature when an ultrasound-assisted extraction method is used. This paper investigated the parameters influencing the extraction of salvianolic acid B. Factors such as extraction time, frequency of the ultrasound, the ratio of solvent to material, and types of extraction solvent were examined. A comparison was also conducted between conventional refluxing and ultrasound-assisted extraction. Results showed that the optimal parameters to extract salvianolic acid B from the root of S. miltiorrhiza were as follows: ultrasonic frequency: 45 Hz; solvent: 60% aqueous ethanol; extraction temperature: 30°C; extraction time duration: 25 min.; ratio of solvent to material: 20:1 (v/w, ml/g). Under these conditions, the yield of salvianolic acid B was 5.17 mg/g (33.93 mg/g) higher than those with conventional refluxing method (28.76 mg/g), indicating that the efficiency and the yield of ultrasound-assisted extraction method are higher than reflux method, and the hydrolysis of salvianolic acid B to tanshinol is effectively avoided.
19501009	Physical and chemical effects of ultrasound vibration on polymer melt in extrusion	The physical and chemical effects of ultrasound on polypropylene (PP) melts in extrusion were investigated. By applying ultrasound vibration to the entrance of the die, apparent pressure and viscosity of PP can be obviously decreased under the appropriate ultrasound power. Ultrasound has both physical and chemical effects on the polymer melt. In our study with specific polymer and ultrasound system, we determined that the chemical effect makes up 35-40% of the total effect of ultrasound on the apparent viscosity reduction of PP melts at most of the studied intensities. The physical effect plays a more important role in the ultrasound-applied extrusion than the chemical effect. This chemical effect is an irreversible and permanent change in molecule weight and the molecular-weight distribution due to ultrasound. As the ultrasound intensity increases, the molecular weight of PP reduces and its molecular-weight distribution becomes narrower; the orientation of PP molecules along the flow direction reduces (in melt state) and the crystallinity of PP samples (in solid state) decreases by applying the ultrasound vibration. Ultrasound vibration increases the motion of molecular chains and makes them more disorder; it also affects the relaxation process of polymer melts by shortening the relaxation time of chain segments, leading to weakening the elastic effect and decreasing the extruding swell ratios. All the factors discussed above reduce the non-Newtonian flow characteristics of the polymer melt and result in the viscosity drop of the polymer melt in extrusion. Crown
19501010	The allylation reactions of aromatic aldehydes and ketones with tin dichloride in water	The allylation reactions of aromatic aldehydes and ketones were carried out in 31-86% yield using SnCl2-H2O system under ultrasound irradiation at r.t. for 5 h. The reactions in the same system gave homoallyl alcohols in 21-84% yield with stirring at r.t. for 24 h. Compared with traditional stirring methods, ultrasonic irradiation is more convenient and efficient.
19501536	Nano-designing of Mg doped phosphate tungsten bronzes and SiO2 composite obtained by ultrasonic spray pyrolysis method	In this study, the structure and substructure of SiO2-Mg phosphate tungsten bronzes, MgPTB, (MgHPW12O40· 29H2O) obtained by ultrasonic spray pyrolysis method from a silica sol, and a MgPTB solution, obtained by the ion exchange method, as precursors were investigated. The mechanism of the formation of aerosol droplets is discussed. Phase composition, structure and substructure of SiO2-MgPTB particles were investigated by X-ray powder diffraction (XRPD) analysis, transmission electron microscopy (TEM), and scanning electron microscopy (SEM). Good agreement between the theoretically predicted values for the mean diameters of particles and subparticles (1.27 Î¼m and 75.4 nm, respectively) and the experimentally obtained ones (1.17 Î¼m and 65-90 nm) was found. This agreement confirms the applicability of the model to get a satisfactory prediction of the most important data related to the nano-structural design of SiO2-MgPTB powders.
19501537	Syntheses and characterization of Sr(OH)2 and SrCO3 nanostructures by ultrasonic method	The Sr(OH)2 and SrCO3 nanostructures were synthesized by reaction of strontium(II) acetate and sodium hydroxide or tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH) via ultrasonic method. Reaction conditions, such as the concentration of the Sr2+ ion, aging time, power of the ultrasonic device and alkali salts show important roles in the size, morphology and growth process of the final products. The pure crystalline SrCO3 were obtained by heating of product at 400°C. The Sr(OH)2 and SrCO3 nanostructures were characterized by scanning electron microscopy (SEM), X-ray powder diffraction (XRD), thermal gravimetric (TG), differential thermal analyses (DTA) and the infrared spectroscopy (IR).
19502092	Physical features of ultrasound-enhanced heterogeneous permanganate oxidation	This paper addresses the matter of mechanistic features of ultrasound-assisted permanganate oxidation of organic compounds in aqueous phase. This reaction system is essentially a liquid-liquid heterogeneous one, which is limited by the mass transfer characteristics. Previous research has established that ultrasound irradiation of reaction mixture enhances the kinetics and yield of permanganate oxidation. The principal physical effect of ultrasonic cavitation is formation of fine emulsion between immiscible phases that eliminates the mass transfer resistance, while principal chemical effect is production of radicals through transient collapse of cavitation bubbles, which accelerate the reaction. In this paper, we have tried to discriminate between these physical and chemical effects by coupling experiments with different conditions (which alter the nature of cavitation phenomena in the medium) to simulations of cavitation bubble dynamics. It is revealed that in absence of radical conserving agent, the enhancement effect is merely physical. Diffusion of radicals towards interface between phases, where the oxidation reaction occurs is the limiting factor in contribution of chemical effect of ultrasonic cavitation towards enhancement of oxidation. Enhancement of total radical production in the aqueous phase (by degassing of the medium) increases the overall oxidation yield, but only marginally. On the other hand, addition of a radical conserver such as FeSO4Â·7H2O results in marked enhancement in oxidation yield, as the conserver assists deeper penetration of radicals in the aqueous medium and diffusion towards interface.
19502093	Sonochemical coating of magnetite nanoparticles with silica	Magnetite nanoparticles were coated with silica through the hydrolysis and condensation of tetraethyl orthosilicate (TEOS) under ultrasonic irradiation. The ultrasonic irradiation was used to prevent the agglomeration of the magnetite particles and accelerate the hydrolysis and condensation of TEOS. TEM, DLS, XRF, VSM, TG and sedimentation test were used to characterize the silica-coated magnetite particles. The dispersibility of silica-coated magnetite particles in aqueous solution was improved significantly and the agglomerate particle size was decreased to 110 nm. It was found that the agglomerate particle size of silica-coated magnetite particles was mainly decided by the coating temperature and the pH value in the silica-coating process. The weight ratio of silica in silica-coated magnetite particles was mainly decided by the pH value in the silica-coating process. The dispersibility of silica-coated magnetite particles was mainly decided by the agglomerate particle size of the suspension. The oxidation of magnetite particles in air was limited through the coated silica. The magnetism of silica-coated magnetite particles decreased slightly after silica-coating.
19505836	Adsorption of methylene blue onto sonicated sepiolite from aqueous solutions	The aim of the present study is to enhance the methylene blue (MB) adsorption of sepiolite by ultrasonic treatment. The natural sepiolite was pretreated by sonication to improve the surface characteristics and enhance the dye uptake capacity. Sonication process resulted in a significant increase in the specific surface area (SSA) of sepiolite. The FTIR spectrum of the sonicated sepiolite indicates that the tetrahedral sheet is probably distorted after sonication process. The effect of various parameters such as sonication, pH, initial dye concentration and temperature on dye adsorption has been investigated. The adsorbed amount of MB on sepiolite increased after sonication as well as with increasing pH and temperature. The experimental data were evaluated by applying the pseudo-first- and second-order, and the intraparticle diffusion adsorption kinetic models. Adsorption process of MB onto sepiolite followed the pseudo-second-order rate expression. The experimental data were analyzed by Langmuir and Freundlich isotherms, and found that the isotherm data were reasonably well correlated by Langmuir isotherm. Maximum monolayer adsorption capacity of sepiolite for MB increased from 79.37 to 128.21 mg/g after the sonication. Various thermodynamic parameters, such as Î”G0, Î”H0 and Î”S0 were calculated. The thermodynamics of MB/sepiolite system indicated spontaneous and endothermic nature of the process. Adsorption measurements showed that the process was very fast and physical in nature.
19515599	Ultrasonic destruction of pesticide contaminants in slurries	The use of high power ultrasound to destroy pesticide contaminants in sand slurries is reported. Small quantities of DDT, chlordane, atrazine, 2,4,5-T and endosulfan in solvent were added to washed, screened sand and deposited onto the sand by slow evaporation of the solvent. Fifty wt.% slurries for all five pesticides and 20 wt.% slurries of atrazine and 2,4,5-T were sonicated for periods up to 30 min and samples were withdrawn at various intervals and analysed to follow the kinetics of contaminant destruction. Seventy percent destruction of the contaminant was obtained for four of the 50 wt.% slurries with approximately 50% destruction of 2,4,5-T in 10 min of sonication whereas, in the 20 wt.% slurries of atrazine and 2,4,5-T, and 75% and 85% reduction, respectively, was obtained in 10 min. We postulate that better stirring of the slurry will improve these rates of contaminant destruction.
19520598	Modeling the coupling of reaction kinetics and hydrodynamics in a collapsing cavity	We introduce a model of cavitation based on the multiphase Lattice Boltzmann method (LBM) that allows for coupling between the hydrodynamics of a collapsing cavity and supported solute chemical species. We demonstrate that this model can also be coupled to deterministic or stochastic chemical reactions. In a two-species model of chemical reactions (with a major and a minor species), the major difference observed between the deterministic and stochastic reactions takes the form of random fluctuations in concentration of the minor species. We demonstrate that advection associated with the hydrodynamics of a collapsing cavity leads to highly inhomogeneous concentration of solutes. In turn these inhomogeneities in concentration may lead to significant increase in concentration-dependent reaction rates and can result in a local enhancement in the production of minor species.
19524476	The application of ultrasound radiation to the synthesis of nanocrystalline metal oxide in a non-aqueous solvent	Highly crystalline metal oxide nanoparticles of TiO2, WO3, and V2O5 were synthesized in just a few minutes by reacting transition metal chloride with benzyl alcohol using ultrasonic irradiation under argon atmosphere in a non-aqueous solvent. The sonochemical process was conducted at a relatively low temperature, 363 K. A unique crystallization process of these nanoparticles has been observed and characterized by powder X-ray diffraction (PXRD), high resolution scanning electron microscopy (HRSEM), and BET. The particles' size and shape measured from HRSEM reveal "quasi" zero-dimensional, spherical TiO2 particles in the range of 3-7 nm. The V2O5 particles have a "quasi" one-dimensional ellipsoidal morphology, with lengths in the range of 150-200 nm and widths varying between 40 and 60 nm. The WO3 particles were obtained as "quasi" two-dimensional platelets with square shapes having facets ranging from 30 to 50 nm. The thickness of these platelets was between 2 and 7 nm. The mechanism of the reactions leading to these three metal oxide nanoparticles in a non-aqueous system is substantiated by Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR), and Electron Spin Resonance (ESR).
19526199	Predation-related odours reduce oviposition in a herbivorous mite	When adult females of the herbivorous mite, Tetranychus urticae, were exposed to the predatory mite, Phytoseiulus persimilis, they laid fewer eggs than females that had not been exposed to P. persimilis when transferred onto a new leaf patch. However, when T. urticae females were exposed to either products of P. persimilis or artificially damaged conspecific eggs on a leaf patch, the number of T. urticae eggs on a new leaf patch did not differ significantly from the control. The reduced oviposition was neither due to the feeding activity on the leaf patch with P. persimilis nor to that on the new leaf patch. There was also no significant difference between the number of T. urticae eggs produced on a new leaf patch following exposure to the odours of a neighbouring leaf patch where there had previously been either P. persimilis or T. urticae adults. However, female T. urticae that had been exposed to odours from neighbouring leaf patches on which both T. urticae and P. persimilis had been placed produced significantly fewer eggs on a new leaf patch than those that had not been exposed to such odours. Neither odours from neighbouring intact leaf patches on which T. urticae eggs were preyed on by P. persimilis, nor odours from a neighbouring Parafilm patch on which T. urticae was preyed on by P. persimilis affected the oviposition of T. urticae. These data suggest that the presence of T. urticae, P. persimilis and a leaf patch are needed for the emission of odours to reduce oviposition in T. urticae.
19535280	Enhanced sonochemical degradation of bisphenol-A by bicarbonate ions	Sonochemical elimination of organic pollutants can take place through two degradation pathways. Molecules with relatively large Henry's law constants will be incinerated inside the cavitation bubble, while nonvolatile molecules with low Henry's law constants will be oxidised by the OH{radical dot} ejected from the bubble of cavitation. Taking bisphenol-A as a model pollutant, this study points out an alternate degradation route, mediated by bicarbonate ions, which is significant for the elimination of micro-pollutants at concentrations present in natural waters. In this process, OH{radical dot} radicals react with bicarbonate ions to produce the carbonate radical, which, unlike the OH{radical dot} radical, can migrate towards the bulk of the solution and therefore induce the degradation of the micro-pollutants present in the bulk solution. As a consequence, initial degradation rate is increased by a factor 3.2 at low concentration of bisphenol-A (0.022 Î¼mol l-1) in presence of bicarbonate in water.
19535281	Sonocatalytic oxidation of olefins catalyzed by heteropolyanion-montmorillonite nanocomposite	A Keggin-type heteropolyanion compound (HPO) was doped within the montmorillonite (MMT) structure by impregnation method. The synthesized catalyst was characterized by FT-IR, XRD, UV-vis, CV, SEM and elemental analysis. Based on chemical adsorption between HPO, and hydroxyl surface groups, HPOs nanoparticles were successfully located on the MMT. Moreover, the obtained nanocomposite was found as an efficient catalyst for oxidation of hydrocarbons under reflux and ultrasonic irradiation conditions.
19540144	Sonochemical preparation of antimony subiodide	The substantiated isolation of the antimony subiodide (Sb3I) is presented for the first time. It has been prepared using elemental Sb and I in ethanol under ultrasonic irradiation at 323 K. Its composition was characterized using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and energy dispersive X-ray analysis (EDAX). The scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM) investigations exhibit that the samples are made up of large quantity of nanoparticles with diameters smaller than 20 nm and single crystalline in nature. The interplanar spacings in Sb3I that have been determined using powder X-ray diffraction (XRD), selected area electron diffraction (SAED) and HRTEM are very similar. Surprisingly, the registered XRD patterns are identical to the one reported earlier for Sb4O5I2.
19559639	Selective hydrogenation by polymer-encapsulated platinum nanoparticles prepared by an easy single-step sonochemical synthesis	Polypyrrole-encapsulated platinum nanoparticles (PPy/Pt-NPs) prepared by an easy single-step sonochemical synthesis were used as catalysts for the liquid phase hydrogenation of substituted alkenes in methanol or methanol/water mixtures. Polypyrrole (PPy) coatings on the nanoparticles were able to act as nanoscopic filters for substrates molecules, and consequently substrate selectivity could be controlled in the catalytic processes.
19560391	Ultrasound-assisted third-liquid phase-transfer catalyzed esterification of sodium salicylate in a continuous two-phase-flow reactor	The esterification of sodium salicylate to synthesize butyl salicylate by third-liquid phase-transfer catalysis under ultrasound irradiation was investigated in a continuous two-phase-flow reactor. The reactor was designed to keep the third-liquid phase in the middle part and to have the aqueous and organic phases flowing through it in countercurrent. Using tetra-n-butylphosphonium bromide to prepare the third-liquid phase for this esterification, the product yield in the organic outlet (toluene) at 70°C was 49.7% in silent condition, showing the reaction promoted simply by countercurrent mixing of the aqueous and organic phases. In the conditions of space time at 168 min, stirring at 150 rpm and ultrasound irradiation (28 kHz, 300 W), the product yield was greatly enhanced to 78.2%. As prepared, above 90% of the added catalyst existed in the third-liquid phase, and after 4-h on stream for a large excess of n-butyl bromide to sodium salicylate, the fraction of catalyst retaining in the reactor was reduced to around 80%. The distributions of catalysts between phases before and after reaction were analyzed. A kinetic model was proposed to estimate the apparent rate constants, and the feasibility for third-liquid phase-transfer catalysis assisted by ultrasound irradiation in a continuous flow reactor was demonstrated.
19560957	Degradation behavior and products of malathion and chlorpyrifos spiked in apple juice by ultrasonic treatment	Apple juice (13°Brix) spiked with malathion and chlorpyrifos (2-3 mg l-1 of each compound) was treated under different ultrasonic irradiations. Results showed that ultrasonic treatment was effective for the degradation of malathion and chlorpyrifos in apple juice, and the output power and treatment time significantly influenced the degradation of both pesticides (p < 0.05). The maximum degradations were achieved for malathion (41.7%) and chlorpyrifos (82.0%) after the ultrasonic treatment at 500 W for 120 min. The degradation kinetics of both pesticides were fitted to the first-order kinetics model well (R2‰¥ 0.90). The kinetics parameters indicated that chlorpyrifos was much more labile to ultrasonic treatment than malathion. Furthermore, malaoxon and chlorpyrifos oxon were identified as the degradation products of malathion and chlorpyrifos by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS), respectively. The oxidation pathway through the hydroxyl radical attack on the P{double bond, long}S bond of pesticide molecules was proposed.
19574081	Ultrasonic system for continuous washing of textiles in liquid layers	The use of ultrasonic energy for washing of textiles has been tried several times without achieving practical development. In fact, the softness of the fibres makes the cavitation to produce small erosion effect and the reticulate structure of the fabric favours the formation of air bubble layers which obstruct wave penetration. In addition, a high proportion of water with respect to the wash load and a certain water degassing is required to assure efficiency and homogeneity in the wash performance. Such requirements have hindered the commercial development of the ultrasonic washing machines for domestic purposes. For specific industrial applications, a great part of these limitations may be overcome. This article deals with a new process in which the fabric is exposed to the ultrasonic field in a flat format. Such process has been implemented at laboratory and at semi-industrial stage by using specially designed power ultrasonic transducers with rectangular plate radiators. The cleaning effect is produced by the intense cavitation field generated by the plate radiator within a thin layer of liquid where the fabric is introduced. The homogeneity of such effect is achieved by the successive exposure of all the fabric areas to the intense acoustic field. In this paper the structure and performance of the developed system are shown.
19574082	Ultrasonic assisted dyeing: Dyeing of acrylic fabrics C.I. Astrazon Basic Red 5BL 200%	The dyeing of acrylic fabrics using C.I. Astrazon Basic Red 5BL 200% has been studied with both conventional and ultrasonic techniques. The effect of dye concentration, dye bath pH, ultrasonic power, dyeing time and temperature were studied and the resulting shades obtained by dyeing with both techniques were compared. Colour strength values obtained were found to be higher with ultrasonic than with conventional heating. The results of fastness properties of the dyed fabrics were studied. X-ray and Scanning Electron Microscope SEM were carried out on dyed samples using both methods of dyeing to find out an explanation for the better dyeability of acrylic fabrics with (US) method. Dyeing kinetics of acrylic fabrics using C.I. Astrazon Basic Red 5BL 200% using conventional and ultrasonic conditions were compared. The time/dye-uptake isotherms are revealing the enhanced dye-uptake in the second phase of dyeing. The values of dyeing rate constant, half-time of dyeing and standard affinity and ultrasonic efficiency have been calculated and discussed.
19577503	Solvent free synthesis of 1,3-diaryl-2-propenones catalyzed by commercial acid-clays under ultrasound irradiation	This paper presents a novel solvent free method of synthesis of trans-chalcones. The method was based on ultrasound irradiation of the reagents (aryl methyl ketones and aryl aldehydes) in presence of commercial acid-montmorillonites as catalysts. The trans-chalcones were synthesized in high yields (85-95%) and excellent selectivity in a short reaction time.
19577946	Preparation of ZnO particle with novel nut-like morphology by ultrasonic pretreatment and its luminescence property	Novel nut-like zinc oxide crystal has been prepared by a low temperature hydrothermal method with the presence of Cu2+ ion. It seemed that the ultrasonic pretreatment was the key factor during the preparation process. SEM observations revealed that the as-prepared ZnO crystal exhibited nut shape showing well-defined crystallographic facets. The cross-section of the ZnO crystal was hexagonal of about 800 nm-1 Î¼m in diameter, and the aspect ratio was a little smaller than 1:1. The room temperature photoluminescence behavior of the nut-like zinc oxide crystal was much stronger than the reference samples.
19580957	Human performance interfaces in air traffic control	This paper examines how human performance factors in air traffic control (ATC) affect each other through their mutual interactions. The paper extends the conceptual SHEL model of ergonomics to describe the ATC system as human performance interfaces in which the air traffic controllers interact with other human performance factors including other controllers, software, hardware, environment, and organisation. New research hypotheses about the relationships between human performance interfaces of the system are developed and tested on data collected from air traffic controllers, using structural equation modelling. The research result suggests that organisation influences play a more significant role than individual differences or peer influences on how the controllers interact with the software, hardware, and environment of the ATC system. There are mutual influences between the controller-software, controller-hardware, controller-environment, and controller-organisation interfaces of the ATC system, with the exception of the controller-controller interface. Research findings of this study provide practical insights in managing human performance interfaces of the ATC system in the face of internal or external change, particularly in understanding its possible consequences in relation to the interactions between human performance factors.
19586618	Investigating users' intuitive interaction with complex artefacts	This paper examines the role of intuition in the way that people operate unfamiliar devices. Intuition is a type of cognitive processing that is often non-conscious and utilises stored experiential knowledge. Intuitive interaction involves the use of knowledge gained from other products and/or experiences. Two initial experimental studies revealed that prior exposure to products employing similar features helped participants to complete set tasks more quickly and intuitively, and that familiar features were intuitively used more often than unfamiliar ones. A third experiment confirmed that performance is affected by a person's level of familiarity with similar technologies, and also revealed that appearance (shape, size and labelling of features) seems to be the variable that most affects time spent on a task and intuitive uses during that time. Age also seems to have an effect. These results and their implications are discussed.
19589715	Ultrasound-assisted one-pot, three-component synthesis of 1H-pyrazolo[1,2-b]phthalazine-5,10-diones	Triethylamine was found to be an efficient catalyst for the synthesis of 1H-pyrazolo[1,2-b]phthalazine-5,10-diones by one-pot reaction of phthalhydrazide, aromatic aldehydes, and malononitrile or ethyl cyanoacetate in ethanol under ultrasonic irradiation. The advantages of this method are the use of an inexpensive and readily available catalyst, easy workup, improved yields, and the use of ethanol as a solvent that is considered to be relatively environmentally benign.
19592288	Acid-induced gelation behavior of sonicated casein solutions	Casein gels were made from solutions sonicated by 24 and 130 kHz ultrasounds for 0, 60 and 120 min, followed by acidification with glucono-Î´-lactone at 30°C. The dynamics of gel formation were studied using rheological methods and microstructure of gels was monitored using scanning electron microscopy. Sonication postponed the gelation point to a lower pH value and increased the elasticity of freshly formed gels. It also resulted in gels with a more interconnected structure and smaller non-distinguishable particulates. This structure was especially dominant for the gel made from the solution already sonicated for 120 min.
19592289	Degradation of fenitrothion by ultrasound/ferrioxalate/UV system	The sonochemical photodegradation of fenitrothion, which is one of phosphorothiate insecticides, was carried out in the presence of Fe(III) and oxalate. The degradation rate was strongly influenced by initial concentrations of Fe(III) and oxalate. An initial fenitrothion concentration of 10 mg L-1 was completely degraded after 30 min at pH 6 under the optimum conditions. Therefore, the photo-Fenton reaction combined with sonication in the presence of oxalate was available around neutral pH. The decrease of TOC as a result of mineralization of fenitrothion was observed during ultrasound (US)/ferrioxalate/UV process. In addition, the formations of nitrite and sulfate ions as end-products were observed during this degradation system. The decomposition of fenitrothion gave two kinds of intermediate products. The degradation mechanism of fenitrothion was proposed on the base of the evidence of the identified intermediates. Based on these results, US/ferrioxalate/UV system could be useful technology for the treatment of wastewater containing fenitrothion.
19596072	Robust Bayesian estimation of the location, orientation, and time course of multiple correlated neural sources using MEG	The synchronous brain activity measured via MEG (or EEG) can be interpreted as arising from a collection (possibly large) of current dipoles or sources located throughout the cortex. Estimating the number, location, and time course of these sources remains a challenging task, one that is significantly compounded by the effects of source correlations and unknown orientations and by the presence of interference from spontaneous brain activity, sensor noise, and other artifacts. This paper derives an empirical Bayesian method for addressing each of these issues in a principled fashion. The resulting algorithm guarantees descent of a cost function uniquely designed to handle unknown orientations and arbitrary correlations. Robust interference suppression is also easily incorporated. In a restricted setting, the proposed method is shown to produce theoretically zero reconstruction error estimating multiple dipoles even in the presence of strong correlations and unknown orientations, unlike a variety of existing Bayesian localization methods or common signal processing techniques such as beamforming and sLORETA. Empirical results on both simulated and real data sets verify the efficacy of this approach.
19616769	Evaluation of lifestyle risk factors and job status associated with back injuries among employees at a mid-western university	For decades the literature has shown an association between work-related risk factors and back injuries among employees. However, only recently, there is a growing body of literature that suggests lifestyle risk factors may also be associated with back injuries. The purpose of this research was to determine if selected lifestyle risk factors are associated with a greater risk of back injuries. Further, there may be an association between job status and incident reporting, lost workdays cases and workers' compensation (WC) paid for back injuries among university employees. Aggregate data from a Health Risk Assessment (HRA) questionnaire were used to analyze 6053 university employees for lifestyle risk factors associated with back injuries. Of the total sample, 57% (n = 3471) were female; 46% (n = 2778) worked as clerical or service staff; and the mean age was 45 years. Pearson chi-square (Ï‡2) analyses indicate that job status (Ï‡2 = 307.07, df = 4, p < .001) and gender (Ï‡2 = 40.14, df = 2, p < .001) were associated with high risk back score. An ordinal regression analysis predicted that participants who exercised vigorously for at least 20 min, 3 or more days per week, or 3 or more days per week of combined vigorous exercise and moderate-intensity physical activity are almost 30 times less likely to have a high back risk score compared to participants who do not exercise vigorously or participate in less than 3 days per week of moderate-intensity physical activity (OR = 29.68, 95% CI = 25-35.25, p < .001). Participants who have a low risk score for BMI are three times less likely (OR = 3.20, 95% CI = 2.74-3.75, p < .001) to have a high back risk score when compared to participants who have a high risk score for BMI. A regression tree predicted high back risk scores were participants who: (1) receive an adequate amount of physical activity or vigorous exercise and is a male service or clerical staff; (2) do not receive an adequate amount of physical activity or vigorous exercise, and is not overweight; or (3) who do not receive an adequate amount of physical activity or vigorous exercise, and is overweight. Six years of Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) 300 logs and WC claims data paid for back injuries supported the finding that clerical or service staff had the greatest risk of back injuries. Based on the results of this study, there appears to be an association between lifestyle risk factors, job status and back injuries among university employees. We believe our evaluation approach may be used to study other work populations to verify the outcomes observed in this study.
19620016	Sono-enhanced degradation of dye pollutants with the use of H2O2 activated by Fe3O4 magnetic nanoparticles as peroxidase mimetic	Sono-enhanced degradation of a dye pollutant Rhodamine B (RhB) was investigated by using H2O2 as a green oxidant and Fe3O4 magnetic nanoparticles (MNPs) as a peroxidase mimetic. It was found that Fe3O4 MNPs could catalyze the break of H2O2 to remove RhB in a wide pH range from 3.0 to 9.0 and its peroxidase-like activity was significantly enhanced by the ultrasound irradiation. At pH 5.0 and temperature 55°C, the ultrasound-assisted H2O2-Fe3O4 catalysis removed about 95% of RhB (0.02 mmol L-1) in 15 min with a apparent rate constant of 0.15 min-1 for the degradation of RhB, being 6.5 and 37.6 folds of that in the simple catalytic H2O2-Fe3O4 system, and the simple ultrasonic US-H2O2 systems, respectively. The beneficial synergistic behavior between Fe3O4 catalysis and ultrasonic was demonstrated to be dependent on Fe3O4 dosage, H2O2 concentration, pH value and temperature. As a tentative explanation, the observed significant synergistic effects was attributed to the positive interaction between cavitation effect accelerating the catalytic breakdown of H2O2 over Fe3O4 nanoparticles, and the function of Fe3O4 MNPs providing more nucleation sites for the cavitation inception.
19628419	A convenient and efficient protocol for the synthesis of 5-aryl-1,3-diphenylpyrazole catalyzed by hydrochloric acid under ultrasound irradiation	The synthesis of 5-aryl-1,3-diphenylpyrazole via the reactions of 3-aryl-2,3-epoxy-1-phenyl-1-propanone with phenylhydrazine was carried out in 69-99% yields at room temperature under ultrasound irradiation. This method provides several advantages such as operational simplicity, higher yield and environment friendly.
19632139	Efficient sonochemical synthesis of novel 3,5-diaryl-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole-1-carboximidamides	An ultrasound-assisted preparation of a series of novel 3,5-diaryl-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole-1-carboximidamides that proceeds via the efficient reaction of chalcones with aminoguanidine hydrochloride under clean conditions is described.
19632340	Quantitative imaging of spontaneous neuromagnetic activity for assessing cerebral ischemia using sLORETA-qm	To image cerebral neural activity in ischemic areas, we proposed a novel technique to analyze spontaneous neuromagnetic fields based on standardized low-resolution brain electromagnetic tomography modified for a quantifiable method (sLORETA-qm). Using a 160-channel whole-head-type magnetoencephalographic system, cerebral magnetic fields were obtained pre- and postoperatively from 5 patients with unilateral internal carotid artery occlusive disease and 16 age-matched healthy volunteers. For quantitative imaging, voxel-based time-averaged intensities of slow waves in 4 frequency bands (0.3-2Â Hz, 2-4Â Hz, 4-6Â Hz and 6-8Â Hz) were obtained by the proposed technique based on sLORETA-qm. Positron emission tomography with 15O gas inhalation (15O-PET) was also performed in these patients to evaluate cerebral blood flow and metabolism. In all 5 patients, slow waves in every frequency band were distributed in the area of cerebrovascular insufficiency, as confirmed by 15O-PET preoperatively. In 4 patients, slow-wave intensities in theta bands (4-6Â Hz, 6-8Â Hz) decreased postoperatively along with improvements in cerebral blood flow and metabolism, whereas delta bands (0.3-2Â Hz, 2-4Â Hz) showed no significant differences between pre- and postoperatively. One patient with deterioration of cerebral infarction after surgery showed marked increases in slow-wave intensities in delta bands (0.3-2Â Hz, 2-4Â Hz) postoperatively, with distribution close to the infarct region. The proposed quantitative imaging of spontaneous neuromagnetic fields enabled clear visualization and alternations of cerebral neural conditions in the ischemic area. This technique may offer a novel, non-invasive method for identifying cerebral ischemia, although further studies in a larger number of patients are warranted.
19632802	Generation of monoclonal antibodies against a soluble form of lectin-like oxidized low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 and development of a sensitive chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay	Lectin-like oxidized low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 (LOX-1), expressed prominently in atherosclerotic lesions, is cleaved and released as a soluble LOX-1 (sLOX-1), which is a specific biomarker to diagnose acute coronary syndrome (ACS) at an early stage. Although sLOX-1 levels in patient's blood were successfully measured with our previously established enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), the assay was not sensitive enough to detect normal serum levels of sLOX-1 in healthy human subjects. We therefore developed sensitive and specific monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) against sLOX-1 in order to establish a more sensitive immunoassay. Mice were immunized with recombinant human LOX-1 extracellular domain. mAbs were subsequently generated by standard myeloma cell fusion techniques with a novel screening method using time-resolved fluorescence immunoassay. Using two anti-human sLOX-1 mAbs and alkaline phosphatase as a label, a sandwich chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay (CLEIA) was developed. In total, nine mAbs were obtained. The dissociation constant (Kd) values of these mAbs for sLOX-1 were 0.12-1.32 nM. Characteristics of these mAbs were estimated and the best combination for CLEIA was selected. The newly established CLEIA could determine sLOX-1 levels as low as 8 pg/mL, and thus, was sensitive enough to measure serum sLOX-1 levels in normal human subjects and to evaluate subtle differences. Values for sLOX-1 measured by monoclonal CLEIA and polyclonal ELISA were highly correlated (r2 = 0.7594, p < 0.0001). Area under the curve values of the receiver-operating characteristic curves in detecting ACS were 0.948 and 0.978 for monoclonal CLEIA and polyclonal ELISA, respectively. Thus, a more sensitive sLOX-1 CLEIA was established using newly developed mAbs against sLOX-1. In addition to its advantage in early diagnosis of ACS, this assay may also be useful in predicting cardiovascular disease risk in disease-free subjects.
19632873	Fabrication of nanosized Pt on rutile TiO2 using a standing wave sonochemical reactor (SWSR) - observation of an enhanced catalytic oxidation of CO	Fine particles of rutile TiO2 supporting nanosized particles of Pt were prepared by a simultaneous in situ sonochemical reduction and deposition method using a standing wave sonochemical reactor (SWSR). The mean diameter of sonochemically obtained Pt particles are of 2 nm. Following this sonochemical technique, rutile TiO2 was also deposited with different weight percentages of Pt. Catalytic function of the prepared composite catalysts were tested by the oxidation of CO to CO2. From the catalytic activity results, it has been found out that the catalysts prepared by the sonochemical method exhibited higher catalytic activity for CO oxidation, probably attributed to the higher Pt particle distribution achieved under sonication. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM), X-ray photoelectron spectra (XPS), and diffuse reflectance spectroscopy (DRS) were employed to characterize the resulting material.
19635677	Sonolysis of trichloroethylene and carbon tetrachloride in aqueous solution	Herein, the ultrasonic degradation of trichloroethylene (TCE) and carbon tetrachloride (CT) are reported. The degradation rate for TCE increased by 27% with a decrease in the initial concentration of TCE from 10 to 1 mg L-1, while the degradation rate of CT was not influenced significantly (<3%) at varying initial concentrations. The addition of t-BuOH, a hydroxyl radical scavenger, decreased the degradation rate of TCE to 22-33%. However, this addition did not affect the degradation rate of CT. Sonolysis of aqueous mixtures of TCE and CT indicated that the degradation rate of TCE was enhanced significantly in the presence of CT, while the degradation rate of CT was slightly inhibited in the presence of TCE. The enhancement of TCE degradation is attributed to both the increase of hydroxyl radical concentration by scavenging of CT for hydrogen atoms and the generation of chlorine-containing radicals such as CCl3{radical dot}, CCl2{radical dot}, Cl{radical dot}, and HClO from pyrolysis of CT during sonolysis of CT.
19635678	An efficient deprotection of oximes to carbonyls catalyzed by silica sulfuric acid in water under ultrasound irradiation	Deprotection of oximes to the corresponding carbonyl compounds in silica sulfuric acid/surfactant/paraformaldehyde system can be carried out in excellent yields at 50°C in water under ultrasound irradiation.
19646910	Facile fabrication of pomponlike microarchitectures of lanthanum molybdate via an ultrasound route	Pomponlike La2(MoO4)3 microstructures assembled with single-crystalline nanoflakes have been facilely fabricated via a surfactant-assisted ultrasound route for the first time. Various synthesis conditions were examined, such as the surfactant concentration, the molecular structure of surfactants, and the pH value. The obtained pomponlike microstructures were characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD), (field-emission) scanning electron microscopy [(FE)SEM], transmission electron microscopy (TEM), and nitrogen adsorption/desorption isotherms. It has been revealed that a minimum concentration of sodium dodecylsulfate (SDS) was required for the formation of pomponlike La2(MoO4)3 microstructures. When the SDS concentration is above 0.02 mol L-1, the pomponlike microstructures become more perfect, and the size is also increased with the increasing SDS concentration. Under the same sonication, similar pomponlike microstructures were obtained when a cationic surfactant, cetyltrimethyl ammonium bromide (CTAB), was used instead of the anionic surfactant SDS, indicating that the hydrophobic alkyl chains are an important factor for the formation of the pomponlike La2(MoO4)3 microstructures. It is also found that the pomponlike La2(MoO4)3 microstructures can only be obtained within an optimal pH range of 8.0-9.0 under sonication. Based on TEM, Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FT-IR) and solubilization experiment, a formation mechanism of pomponlike La2(MoO4)3 microstructures was proposed, in which the collaborative action of surfactants and sonication plays a key role. Furthermore, the porosity of the pomponlike La2(MoO4)3 microstructures were discussed.
19656649	Application of diffusion-edited NMR spectroscopy for the structural characterization of drug metabolites in mixtures	Diffusion-edited NMR spectroscopy is used to enable the structural characterization of low level metabolites in the presence of endogenous compounds, and organic solvents. We compared data from standard one-dimensional (1D) 1H, 1D NOESY-presaturation, and 1D diffusion-edited experiments run on 20 Î¼g and 100 Î¼g samples of ethacrynic acid glutathione thioether (EASG) and a previously unreported metabolite of mefenamic acid, mefenamic acid glutathione thioester (MSG). The 1D NOESY-presaturation technique gave spectra with the best signal-to-noise (S/N) ratio, approximately three times that observed with the standard 1H experiment, with respect to the metabolite signals. However, it was not selective for solvent signals as overlapping metabolite signals were also suppressed by this technique. In some cases, these signals were key to determining the site of glutathione attachment on the parent molecule. 1D NOESY-presaturation spectra also produced baseline distortions and inconsistent integration values. By comparison, 1D diffusion-edited experiments were found to selectively and simultaneously remove multiple solvent signals, resolve overlapping metabolite signals, and provide more uniform integration for metabolite signals overlapping with or proximal to solvent peaks, without producing baseline distortions. However, the diffusion-edited experiments caused significant signal attenuation of the metabolite signals when compared with a standard 1H spectrum. Partially purified metabolites isolated from biological matrices were also characterized by using two-dimensional diffusion-ordered spectroscopy (DOSY). DOSY spectra acquired on a sample of EASG purified from rat bile proved useful in 'separating' the signals of EASG, from those of a co-eluting bile acid and parent drug ethacrynic acid (EA) in the diffusion-dimension in regions where there was no spectral overlap. In the low-field regions of high overlap, the DOSY experiment did not effectively separate the signals from the individual components. Diffusion based experiments provide a way to determine the total number of components that are present in a metabolite sample as well as an ability to identify them based on the chemical shift information, without the need for laborious chromatography on small samples.
19660886	Development of a stir bar sorptive extraction based HPLC-FLD method for the quantification of serotonin reuptake inhibitors in plasma, urine and brain tissue samples	The aim of this article is to present an analytical application of stir bar sorptive extraction (SBSE) coupled to HPLC-fluorescence detection (FLD) for the quantification of fluoxetine (FLX), citalopram (CIT) and venlafaxine (VLF) and their active metabolites - norfluoxetine (NFLX), desmethyl- (DCIT) and didesmethylcitalopram (DDCIT) and o-desmethylvenlafaxine (ODV) - in plasma, urine and brain tissue samples. All the parameters influencing adsorption (pH, ion strength, organic modifier addition, volume, extraction time and temperature) and desorption (desorption solvent composition, time, temperature and desorption mode) of the analytes on the stir bar have been optimized. For each matrix, the analytical method has been assessed by studying the linearity and the intra- and interday accuracy (89-113%) and precision (RSD < 13%). The improvement of the quantification limits (0.2-2 Î¼g l-1 for plasma, 2-20 ng g-1 for brain tissue and 1-10 Î¼g l-1 for urine, depending on the respective response for analytes) and the development of a procedure for all the matrices make this method useful in clinical and forensic analysis.
19666236	Enhanced mechanism of catalytic ozonation by ultrasound with orthogonal dual frequencies for the degradation of nitrobenzene in aqueous solution	The experiments have been performed with a semi-continuous batch reactor to investigate the degradation efficiency of nitrobenzene in aqueous solution by ultrasound with the different orthogonal dual frequencies catalytic ozonation. The introduction of ultrasound can enhance the degradation efficiency of nitrobenzene compared to the results obtained from the processes of ozonation alone and ultrasound alone. The degradation of nitrobenzene is found to be zero-order in the two systems of ultrasound alone, and the reactions follow the pseudo-first-order kinetic model in the processes of ozone alone and ozone/ultrasound. The investigation confirms that the degradation of nitrobenzene follows the mechanism of hydroxyl radical (â€¢OH) oxidation, and the enhancement function is even more pronounced in the presence of ultrasound with the greater difference between the orthogonal dual frequencies due to the obvious synergetic effect between ozone and ultrasound, which increases the utilization efficiency of ozone, and accelerates the initiation of€¢OH and the formation of H2O2, resulting in the rapid formation of an increasing diversity of byproducts and the advancement degree of mineralization of total organic carbon (TOC). The oxidative byproducts have been, respectively identified in the different processes selected, including o, p, m-nitrophenols, phenol, malonic acid, 4-nitrocatechol, nitrate ion, maleic acid, oxalic acid, hydroquinone, p-quinone, 1,2,3-trihydroxy-5-nitrobenzene and acetic acid.
19672122	SNAP-II and sNAPPE-II and the risk of structural and functional brain disorders in extremely low gestational age newborns: The ELGAN study	Background: Illness severity measures predict death and illnesses in the newborn. It is unknown how well they predict brain lesions evident on ultrasound scans or neurodevelopmental dysfunctions in preterm infants. Methods: A total of 1,399 inborn infants born before the 28th week of gestation were given Scores for Neonatal Acute Physiology (SNAP-II and SNAPPE-II) based on data collected within the first 12 h of admission to the intensive care unit and had a protocol brain ultrasound scan read independently by 2 sonologists. Of the surviving 1,149 infants, 1,014 (88%) had a neurologic examination at approximately 24 months post-term equivalent, and 975 (85%) had a Bayley Scales of Infant Development assessment. SNAP-II and SNAPPE-II were dichotomized at arbitrary cut-offs (30 for SNAP-II and 45 for SNAPPE-II), using the highest quartile and decile of the week of gestation as a cut-off, and at a Z score of >1 standard deviation from an external mean. Results: After adjustment for gestational age, high SNAP-II and SNAPPE-II scores predicted intraventricular hemorrhage, moderate/severe ventriculomegaly and echodense lesions in cerebral white matter. Only 2 SNAP-II extremes, the highest decile for gestational age and a Z score >1, also predicted echolucent lesions in the white matter. Neither SNAP-II nor SNAPPE-II predicted any statistically significant diagnosis of cerebral palsy. MDI and PDI scores <55 were consistently predicted by both high SNAP-II and SNAPPE-II, whereas scores in the 55-69 range were inconsistently predicted. High SNAP-II and SNAPPE-II inconsistently predicted a positive screen for autism spectrum disorder and small head circumference at 24 months. Conclusion: The physiologic instability in the first 12 post-natal hours identified by illness severity scores conveys information about the risks of brain damage and neurodevelopmental dysfunctions. This risk information might reflect postnatal characteristics in the causal chain. On the other hand, high SNAP scores might be indicators of immaturity and vulnerability.
19674924	Ultrasonic degradation of Rhodamine B in the presence of hydrogen peroxide and some metal oxide	In this research, degradation of Rodamine B in the presence of (hydrogen peroxide), (hydrogen peroxide + ultrasound), (hydrogen peroxide + aluminum oxide), (hydrogen peroxide + aluminum oxide + ultrasound with different ultrasound power), (hydrogen peroxide + iron oxide) and (hydrogen peroxide + iron oxide + ultrasound with different ultrasound power) were investigated at 25°C. The apparent rate constants for the examined systems were calculated by pseudo-first-order kinetics. The results indicate that the rate of degradation was accelerated by ultrasound. The rate of degradation was increased by increasing power ultrasound. The efficiency of the (hydrogen peroxide + iron oxide + ultrasound) system for degradation of Rodamine B was higher than the others examined.
19679502	Rapid and efficient synthesis of fused heterocyclic pyrimidines under ultrasonic irradiation	Some fused heterocyclic pyrimidines have been synthesized in high yields using ultrasound irradiation in a one-pot, three-component and efficient process by condensation reaction of barbituric acids, aldehydes and a series of enamines in water. Prominent among the advantages of this new method are operational simplicity, good yields in short reaction times and easy work-up procedures employed.
19683584	Investigating the predictive value of whole-brain structural MR scans in autism: A pattern classification approach	Autistic spectrum disorder (ASD) is accompanied by subtle and spatially distributed differences in brain anatomy that are difficult to detect using conventional mass-univariate methods (e.g., VBM). These require correction for multiple comparisons and hence need relatively large samples to attain sufficient statistical power. Reports of neuroanatomical differences from relatively small studies are thus highly variable. Also, VBM does not provide predictive value, limiting its diagnostic value. Here, we examined neuroanatomical networks implicated in ASD using a whole-brain classification approach employing a support vector machine (SVM) and investigated the predictive value of structural MRI scans in adults with ASD. Subsequently, results were compared between SVM and VBM. We included 44 male adults; 22 diagnosed with ASD using "gold-standard" research interviews and 22 healthy matched controls. SVM identified spatially distributed networks discriminating between ASD and controls. These included the limbic, frontal-striatal, fronto-temporal, fronto-parietal and cerebellar systems. SVM applied to gray matter scans correctly classified ASD individuals at a specificity of 86.0% and a sensitivity of 88.0%. Cases (68.0%) were correctly classified using white matter anatomy. The distance from the separating hyperplane (i.e., the test margin) was significantly related to current symptom severity. In contrast, VBM revealed few significant between-group differences at conventional levels of statistical stringency. We therefore suggest that SVM can detect subtle and spatially distributed differences in brain networks between adults with ASD and controls. Also, these differences provide significant predictive power for group membership, which is related to symptom severity.
19683887	Enantioselective determination of sibutramine and its active metabolites in human plasma	Although racemic sibutramine has been widely used for the treatment of obesity, its enantioselective detection method has not been elucidated in human plasma. In this report we introduce a validated analytical method for the determination of sibutramine and its two active metabolites, desmethylsibutramines using LC-MS/MS. R- and S-isomers of those compounds in human plasma were extracted using diethyl ether-hexane (4:1, v/v) followed by an addition of NaOH solution. After removing the organic layer, the residue was reconstituted in the mobile phase 10 mM ammonium acetate solution adjusted to pH 4.0 with acetic acid-acetonitrile (94:6, v/v). Both isomers in the extract were separated on a Chiralcel AGP chiral stationary-phase column and were quantified in a tandem mass spectrometry. The assay method was in accordance with FDA regulations for the validation of bioanalytical methods. This method was successfully used to profile the plasma concentrations of the stereoisomers of sibutramine and its two active metabolites with time in healthy volunteers.
19692196	Analysis of the surface structure of DNA/polycation/hyaluronic acid ternary complex by Raman microscopy	We have developed a new type of ternary gene transfection system comprising plasmid, polyethyleneimine, and hyaluronic acid (HA). HA recharged the positively charged DNA complexes into negative, and diminished the adverse interactions with bio-components. HA also improved the transcription efficiency, stabilized the dispersion, and protected the particles against lyophilizing induced inactivation. It enabled the preparation of very small complex particles, which showed high in vivo gene expression. In spite of the many attractive properties of the ternary complex systems, their detailed structure is still not clear. In this study, surface structures of the complexes were analyzed by non-confocal laser Raman microscopy. The correlation between the Î¶-potential and the Raman spectrum is discussed. The DNA complex that showed the highest gene-expression level was prepared at the mixing ratio of COOH/NH = 0.5. At this ratio, all the amino groups were just protonated, and the surface was completely covered by HA attributed to the reduced nonspecific interaction of the complex in which all the amino groups have already interacted with carboxyls of HA, but not too much HA on the surface taken up by the cells.
19692284	Lipase-catalyzed diacylglycerol production under sonochemical irradiation	The present paper describes a protocol for production of diacylglycerol by the partial hydrolysis of soybean oil catalyzed by lipase under ultrasound irradiation. Better yields and shorter reaction times were obtained under sonication as compared to the thermal process.
19692286	Ultrasonic irradiation and its application for improving the corrosion resistance of phosphate coatings on aluminum alloys	In this paper, ultrasonic irradiation was utilized for improving the corrosion resistance of phosphate coatings on aluminum alloys. The chemical composition and morphology of the coatings were analyzed by X-ray diffraction analysis (XRD) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM). The effect of ultrasonic irradiation on the corrosion resistance of phosphate coatings was investigated by polarization curves and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS). Various effects of the addition of Nd2O3 in phosphating bath on the performance of the coatings were also investigated. Results show that the composition of phosphate coating were Zn3(PO4)2· 4H2O(hopeite) and Zn crystals. The phosphate coatings became denser with fewer microscopic holes by utilizing ultrasonic irradiation treatment. The addition of Nd2O3 reduced the crystallinity of the coatings, with the additional result that the crystallites were increasingly nubby and spherical. The corrosion resistance of the coatings was also significantly improved by ultrasonic irradiation treatment; both the anodic and cathodic processes of corrosion taking place on the aluminum alloy substrate were suppressed consequently. In addition, the electrochemical impedance of the coatings was also increased by utilizing ultrasonic irradiation treatment compared with traditional treatment.
19695871	Phenolic-linked variation in strawberry cultivars for potential dietary management of hyperglycemia and related complications of hypertension	Fruit extracts of different strawberry cultivars were evaluated for their potential to contribute to the dietary management of hyperglycemia-linked to type 2 diabetes and related hypertension. In vitro inhibition of Î±-amylase, Î±-glucosidase, and angiotensin-1-converting enzyme (ACE) activity was evaluated using fruit extracts and correlated to phenolic content and antioxidant activity. There were significant differences between cultivars in both phenolic-linked antioxidant activity and inhibitory activity for the targeted disease relevant enzymes. Honeoye, Idea, and Jewel cultivars exhibited moderate Î±-amylase inhibition. Strawberry cultivars, in general, exhibited uniform Î±-glucosidase inhibition with Ovation having the highest inhibitory activity. Water extracts of Jewel and Ovation cultivars had moderate ACE inhibition compared to low inhibition observed in other cultivars. Strawberry cultivars with combined inhibitory potential against Î±-glucosidase and ACE and with moderate or low Î±-amylase inhibitory potential could be targeted for potential management of hyperglycemia-linked type 2 diabetes and related complication of hypertension.
19695874	Influences of pyrolysis condition and acid treatment on properties of durian peel-based activated carbon	Durian peel was used for the synthesis of activated carbon used for adsorption of Basic Green 4 dye. Activated carbon was synthesised under either nitrogen (N2) atmospheric or vacuum pyrolysis, followed by carbon dioxide (CO2) activation. The synthesised activated carbon then was treated with hydrochloric acid (HCl) solution. The results showed that activated carbon synthesised under vacuum pyrolysis exhibited better properties and adsorption capacities than that under nitrogen atmospheric pyrolysis. The HCl treatment improved properties and adsorption capacities of activated carbons. Pseudo-second-order kinetics well described the adsorption of Basic Green 4.
19695875	A highly regioselective route to arbutin esters by immobilized lipase from Penicillium expansum	Immobilized lipase from Penicillium expansum, a novel and inexpensive enzyme preparation that we immobilized in our laboratory, was an excellent catalyst for highly regioselective acylation of arbutin with fatty acid vinyl esters. For the enzymatic butanoylation of arbutin, under the optimal conditions, initial reaction rate was 75.1 mM/h, and substrate conversion and regioselectivity were greater than 99%. In addition, a variety of 6â€²-esters of arbutin were prepared with high conversion (>99%) and excellent regioselectivity (>99%). It was found that the enzymatic reaction rate varied widely with different acyl donors, presumably owing to their different interactions with the active site of the lipase. The immobilized lipase from P. expansum displayed highest catalytic activity with medium-length straight-chain acyl donors. Acyl donors bearing a substituent or a conjugate double bond gave reduced reaction rates.
19695876	Crab digestive phospholipase: A new invertebrate member	Crab digestive phospholipase (CDPL) was purified from the hepatopancreas of Carcinus mediterraneus crabs. Homogeneous enzyme was obtained after two chromatography steps: anion exchange and size exclusion HPLC column. Homogeneous CDPL has a molecular mass of 14 kDa as determined by SDS/PAGE analysis. Unlike known digestive phospholipases like porcine PLA2 (PPPL), CDPL displayed its maximal activity at 50°C and not at 37°C. A specific activity of 40 U/mg for the purified CDPL was measured using PC as substrate under optimal conditions (pH 8 and 50°C) in the presence of 8 mM sodium deoxycholate (NaDC) and 10 mM CaCl2. In contrast to PPPL, purified CDPL was completely inactivated at 60°C. The N-terminal sequence was determined by automatic Edman degradation. No similarity between 12 N-terminal amino acid residues of CDPL was found with those of known digestive phospholipases. CDPL appears to be a new member of invertebrate phospholipases, and it is potentially useful for treat phospholipid-rich industrial effluents, or to synthesize useful chemical compounds which can be used in the food industry.
19695942	Ultrasound-radiated synthesis of PAMAM-Au nanocomposites and its application on glucose biosensor	Hybrid nanocomposites of carboxyl-terminated generation 4 (G 4) poly(amidoamine) dendrimers (PAMAM) with gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) encapsulated inside them were synthesized under ultrasound irradiation. The obtained nanocomposites were used to fabricate highly sensitive amperometric glucose biosensor which exhibited a high and reproducible sensitivity of 2.9 mA/mM/cm2, response time less than 5 s, linear dynamic range from 0.1 to 15.8 Î¼M, correlation coefficient of R2 = 0.9988, and limit of detection (LOD), based on S/N ratio (S/N = 3) of 0.05 Î¼M. A value of 2.7 mM for the apparent Michaelis-Menten constant KMapp was obtained. The high sensitivity, wider linear range, good reproducibility and stability make this biosensor a promising candidate for portable amperometric glucose biosensor.
19699085	Optimization of laccase-mediator system in producing biobleached flax pulp	High-quality flax pulp was bleached in a short totally-chlorine-free (TCF) sequence. The LP biobleaching sequence includes an enzyme treatment with laccase in the presence of HBT as mediator (L stage) and a hydrogen peroxide stage (P stage). The operating conditions for the laccase HBT system were optimized by using a sequential statistical plan involving four variables, the influence of which on the properties of the pulp after the P stage was examined over enclosed operation conditions regarding a future industrial application. Mathematical models accurately predicting both pulp properties in terms of the previous four variables. This biobleaching sequence allows obtaining an increase in ISO brightness of 40% and a delignification of 80%. Process variables optimization in flax pulp biobleaching allows establishing the application conditions most appropriated to obtain certain pulp properties and that turn out to be easily adaptable to existing industrial processes. As a novelty, toxicity measurements were determined in L stage effluents. The results of toxicity show that it is possible to apply this LP sequence without having a negative environmental impact.
19699086	Effect of different nitrogen sources on plant characteristics and yield of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)	Wastewater sludge can be used to fertilize crops, especially after vermicomposting (composting with earthworms to reduce pathogens). How wastewater sludge or vermicompost affects bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) growth is still largely unknown. In this study the effect of different forms of N fertilizer on common bean plant characteristics and yield were investigated in a Typic Fragiudepts (sandy loam) soil under greenhouse conditions. Beans were fertilized with wastewater sludge, or wastewater sludge vermicompost, or urea, or grown in unamended soil, while plant characteristics and yield were monitored (the unamended soil had no fertilization). Yields of common bean plants cultivated in unamended soil or soil amended with urea were lower than those cultivated in wastewater sludge-amended soil. Application of vermicompost further improved plant development and increased yield compared with beans cultivated in wastewater amended soil. It was found that application of organic waste products improved growth and yield of bean plants compared to those amended with inorganic fertilizer.
19699088	Grey water treatment in a series anaerobic - Aerobic system for irrigation	This study aims at treatment of grey water for irrigation, focusing on a treatment technology that is robust, simple to operate and with minimum energy consumption. The result is an optimized system consisting of an anaerobic unit operated in upflow mode, with a 1 day operational cycle, a constant effluent flow rate and varying liquid volume. Subsequent aerobic step is equipped with mechanical aeration and the system is insulated for sustaining winter conditions. The COD removal achieved by the anaerobic and aerobic units in summer and winter are 45%, 39% and 53%, 64%, respectively. Sludge in the anaerobic and aerobic reactor has a concentration of 168 and 8 mg VS L-1, respectively. Stability of sludge in the anaerobic and aerobic reactors is 80% and 93%, respectively, based on COD. Aerobic effluent quality, except for pathogens, agrees with the proposed irrigation water quality guidelines for reclaimed water in Jordan.
19699306	Neural response to specific components of fearful faces in healthy and schizophrenic adults	Perception of fearful faces is associated with functional activation of cortico-limbic structures, which has been found altered in individuals with psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia, autism and major depression. The objective of this study was to isolate the brain response to the features of standardized fearful faces by incorporating principal component analysis (PCA) into the analysis of neuroimaging data of healthy volunteers and individuals with schizophrenia. At the first stage, the visual characteristics of morphed fearful facial expressions (FEEST, Young et al., 2002) were classified with PCA, which produced seven orthogonal factors, with some of them related to emotionally salient facial features (eyes, mouth, brows) and others reflecting non-salient facial features. Subsequently, these PCA-based factors were included into the functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) analysis of 63 healthy volunteers and 32 individuals with schizophrenia performing a task that involved implicit processing of FEEST stimuli. In healthy volunteers, significant neural response was found to visual characteristics of eyes, mouth or brows. In individuals with schizophrenia, PCA-based analysis enabled us to identify several significant clusters of activation that were not detected by the standard approach. These clusters were implicated in processing of visual and emotional information and were attributable to the perception of eyes and brows. PCA-based analysis could be useful in isolating brain response to salient facial features in psychiatric populations.
19699634	Bulk density and compaction behavior of knife mill chopped switchgrass, wheat straw, and corn stover	Bulk density of comminuted biomass significantly increased by vibration during handling and transportation, and by normal pressure during storage. Compaction characteristics affecting the bulk density of switchgrass, wheat straw, and corn stover chopped in a knife mill at different operating conditions and using four different classifying screens were studied. Mean loose-filled bulk densities were 67.5± 18.4 kg/m3 for switchgrass, 36.1± 8.6 kg/m3 for wheat straw, and 52.1± 10.8 kg/m3 for corn stover. Mean tapped bulk densities were 81.8± 26.2 kg/m3 for switchgrass, 42.8± 11.7 kg/m3 for wheat straw, and 58.9± 13.4 kg/m3 for corn stover. Percentage changes in compressibility due to variation in particle size obtained from a knife mill ranged from 64.3 to 173.6 for chopped switchgrass, 22.2-51.5 for chopped wheat straw and 42.1-117.7 for chopped corn stover within the tested consolidation pressure range of 5-120 kPa. Pressure and volume relationship of chopped biomass during compression with application of normal pressure can be characterized by the Walker model and Kawakita and Ludde model. Parameter of Walker model was correlated to the compressibility with Pearson correlation coefficient greater than 0.9. Relationship between volume reduction in chopped biomass with respect to number of tappings studied using Sone's model indicated that infinite compressibility was highest for chopped switchgrass followed by chopped wheat straw and corn stover. Degree of difficulty in packing measured using the parameters of Sone's model indicated that the chopped wheat straw particles compacted very rapidly by tapping compared to chopped switchgrass and corn stover. These results are very useful for solving obstacles in handling bulk biomass supply logistics issues for a biorefinery.
19699636	The effect of process variables during drying on the physical and chemical characteristics of corn dried distillers grains with solubles (DDGS) - Plant scale experiments	Corn dried distillers grains with solubles (DDGS) are highly valued as an animal feed for its nutrient content. The amount of wet distillers grains (WDG) and condensed distillers solubles (CDS) blended together during drying affects nutritive value and physical characteristics of DDGS. Effect of changing the ratio of WDG and CDS, and recycled DDGS during drying on particle size, particle size distribution, particle and bulk densities, color, chemical composition, and amino acid content was studied. Moisture content and particle size of DDGS decreased with decreasing amount of CDS added. About 80% of the particles were within a narrow size range (<1500 Î¼m). Bulk density and tapped density of samples produced with different CDS content ranged from 420.5 to 458.1 and 498.8 to 544.3 kg/m3, respectively. True density decreased with reduction in CDS added. As the CDS content reduced, DDGS became lighter in color. Insoluble fiber contents (protein and insoluble fiber) and amino acids increased while fat, total soluble sugars and glycerol decreased as the CDS content added to WDG reduced. The correlation coefficient of individual chemical components with CDS was above 0.90. Results from this study will be helpful in predicting the physical and nutritive property changes due to variable ratios of blending CDS to WDG during the drying process.
19699637	A comparison of pipeline versus truck transport of bio-oil	Biomass-based energy and fuels are receiving attention because they are considered carbon neutral; i.e. the amount of CO2 released during combustion of this biomass is nearly the same as that taken up by the plants during their growth. Bio-oil is a dark viscous liquid consisting of hydrocarbons. These are produced by fast pyrolysis of biomass. "As-is" biomass material has a low energy density (MJ m-3), hence, the cost of transporting this energy is high. Bio-oil has a high energy density as compared to "as-is" biomass material, consequently it helps in reducing the cost of energy transport. This study compares the life cycle assessment of transportation of bio-oil by pipeline with that by truck. The scope of the work includes the transportation of bio-oil by truck or pipeline from a centralized plant (supplied with forest biomass) to an end-user. Two cases are studied for pipeline transport of bio-oil: the first case considers a coal-based electricity supply for pumping the bio-oil through a pipeline; the second case considers an electricity supply from a renewable resource. The two cases of pipeline transport are compared to two cases of truck transport (truck trailer and super B-train truck). The life cycle greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from the pipeline transport of bio-oil for the two cases of electricity supply are 345 and 17 g of CO2 m-3 km-1, respectively. Similar values for transport by trailer (capacity - 30 m3) and super B-train truck (capacity - 60 m3) are 89 and 60 g of CO2 m-3 km-1, respectively. Energy input for bio-oil transport is 3.95 MJ m-3 km-1 by pipeline, 2.59 MJ m-3 km-1 by truck and 1.66 MJ m-3 km-1 by super B-train truck. The results show that GHG emissions in pipeline transport are largely dependent on the source of electricity (higher for coal-based electricity). Substituting 250 m3 day-1 of pipeline-transported bio-oil for coal-based electricity can mitigate about 5.1 million tonnes of CO2 per year. Overall, this study gives a comprehensive life cycle assessment of bio-oil transport comparing pipeline and truck transport.
19700311	Isolation of a lipase-secreting yeast for enzyme production in a pilot-plant scale batch fermentation	The production of lipase by twenty-nine yeasts isolated from the phylloplane of Hibiscus rosa-sinensis was evaluated. The highest lipase producers were Pseudozyma hubeiensis HB85A, Debaryomyces occidentalis-like HB83 and Cryptococcus sp. HB80. P. hubeiensis HB85A batch fermentations were carried out in a bioreactor and lipase production improved 3.2-fold as compared to flask submerged cultures. The production process was significantly reduced from 48 h (in flasks) to 18 h (in the bioreactor). The better hydrolytic activity was achieved with C16 p-nitrophenyl ester. Maximal activity was observed at pH 7.0, the optimum temperature was 50°C at pH 7.0 and the enzyme was stable at 30 and 40°C. The lipolytic activity was stimulated by Mg2+, K+ and Ba2+ salts and EDTA and slightly inhibited by Ca2+ salts. Non-ionic detergents such as Triton X-100, Tween 80 and Tween 20 strongly stimulated lipase activity, whereas SDS inhibited it. The lipase was stable in iso-octane and hexane at 80%.
19700312	Biocomposites from abaca strands and polypropylene. Part I: Evaluation of the tensile properties	In this paper, abaca strands were used as reinforcement of polypropylene matrix and their tensile mechanical properties were studied. It was found relevant increments on the tensile properties of the abaca strand-PP composites despite the lack of good adhesion at fiber-matrix interface. Afterwards, it was stated the influence of using maleated polypropylene (MAPP) as compatibilizer to promote the interaction between abaca strands and polypropylene. The intrinsic mechanical properties of the reinforcement were evaluated and used for modeling both the tensile strength and elastic modulus of the composites. For these cases, the compatibility factor for the ultimate tensile strength was deduced from the modified rule of mixtures. Additionally, the experimental fiber orientation coefficient was measured, allowing determining the interfacial shear strengths of the composites and the critical fiber length of the abaca strand reinforcement. The mechanical improvement was compared to that obtained for fiberglass-reinforced PP composites and evaluated under an economical and technical point of view.
19703765	Quality of poultry litter-derived granular activated carbon	Utilization of poultry litter as a source material for generating activated carbon is a value-added and environmentally beneficial approach to recycling organic waste. In this study, the overall quality of poultry litter-derived granular activated carbon was systematically evaluated based on its various physical and chemical properties. Granular activated carbon generated from pelletized poultry litter following a typical steam-activation procedure possessed numerous micropores in the matrix. The product exhibited a mean particle diameter of 2.59 mm, an apparent density of 0.45 g cm-3, a ball-pan hardness of 91.0, an iodine number of 454 mg g-1, and a BET surface area of 403 m2 g-1. It contained high ash, nitrogen, phosphorus contents and the trace elements Cu, Zn, and As. Most of the nutrients and toxic elements were solidified and solution-unextractable. In general, poultry litter-based activated carbon demonstrated overall quality comparable to that of low-grade commercial activated carbon derived from coconut shell and bituminous coal. It is promising to use poultry litter as a feedstock to manufacture activated carbon for wastewater treatment.
19707023	Much ado about nothing: Two millenia of controversy on tongue-tie	Tongue-tie, or ankyloglossia, is poorly defined and involves a short, thick, fibrosed, or fixed lingual frenulum. Operative interventions were proposed already in Greek medicine. In the Middle Ages, competition arose between midwives, who used their nails to detach the frenulum, and surgeons, who were allowed to use instruments. During the last century, the justification for frenotomy shifted from improved language to enhanced feeding. Despite the high frequency of the intervention, little research has been performed on its benefit, which remains a controversial topic among different groups of health professionals.
19707024	Severe hypernatremia in an extremely low birth weight infant with subsequent normal neurological development	Severe preterm hypernatremia is a life-threatening electrolyte disorder which mainly causes neurological complications such as brain edema, intracranial hemorrhages, hemorrhagic infarctions and thromboses. We report the case of an extremely low birth weight infant (520 g, 24+6 weeks of gestation) with severe hypernatremia of 199 mmol/l due to a failure in the preparation of an infusion on the 7th day of life. The infant subsequently showed no signs of central nervous system complications and no neurological symptoms due to this mishap so far. MRI scan performed after 4 months showed no evidence of cerebral complications including white matter injury. Even severe hypernatremia might not inevitably lead to central nervous system dysfunction and seizures in extremely low birth weight infants.
19707025	Probiotics reduce the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants: A meta-analysis	Background: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is the most common serious acquired disease of the gastrointestinal tract in preterm infants. Probiotic bacteria are live microbial supplements that colonize the gastrointestinal tract and potentially provide benefit to the host. Objective: To compare the efficacy and safety of prophylactic enteral probiotics administration versus placebo or no treatment in the prevention of severe NEC and other morbidities in preterm infants. Methods: A meta-analysis was performed in accordance with the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group methods. Preterm infants <37 weeks' gestational age and/or <2,500 g birth weight were included. Literature searches were made of MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Library Controlled Trials Register (CENTRAL), and abstracts of annual meetings of the Society for Pediatric Research and the European Society of Pediatric Research. Results: Nine eligible trials randomizing 1,425 infants were included. Included trials were highly variable with regard to enrollment criteria, baseline risk of NEC in the control groups, timing, dose, formulation of the probiotics, and feeding regimens. In a meta-analysis, enteral probiotics supplementation significantly reduced the incidence of severe NEC [typical RR 0.32 (95% CI 0.17, 0.60)] and mortality [typical RR 0.43 (95% CI 0.25, 0.75)]. There was no evidence of significant reduction of nosocomial sepsis [typical RR 0.93 (95% CI 0.73, 1.19)] or days on total parenteral nutrition [weighted mean difference -1.9 (95% CI -4.6, 0.77)]. The statistical test of heterogeneity for NEC, mortality and sepsis was insignificant. Data regarding extremely low birth weight infants (ELBW) could not be extrapolated. The included trials reported no systemic infection with the probiotics supplemental organism. Conclusion: Enteral supplementation of probiotics reduces the risk of severe NEC and mortality in preterm infants. A large randomized controlled trial is required to investigate the benefit and safety profile of probiotics supplementation in ELBW infants.
19707029	Minimally invasive strabismus surgery technique in horizontal rectus muscle surgery for esotropia	Purpose: To evaluate the minimally invasive strabismus surgery (MISS) technique in combined unilateral horizontal rectus muscle operations for esotropia. Methods: This study included 61 patients operated by one surgeon with MISS medial rectus muscle recession and lateral rectus muscle plication. Alignment, binocular vision, conjunctival injection and swelling as well as complications during the first 6 postoperative months were recorded prospectively. Conjunctival swelling and injection on postoperative day 1 were scored retrospectively and compared to a study, which included patients operated with a limbal approach. Results: Conjunctival swelling and injection were less pronounced than following surgery with limbal approach (comparison of swelling and injection: p < 0.001 for MISS vs. limbal opening plication and p < 0.001 for MISS vs. limbal opening resection). A conversion to a limbal opening was necessary in 2.4% of muscles. No scleral perforation or other serious complication was observed. Conclusions: This study indicates that MISS induces less conjunctival swelling and injection compared to the usual limbal approach.
19707030	Combined intravitreal pharmacosurgery in patients with occult choroidal neovascularization secondary to wet age-related macular degeneration	Aim: The aim was to investigate the efficacy and safety of combined intravitreal therapy in patients with occult choroidal neovascularization (CNV) secondary to wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) over 6 months. Methods: In this prospective pilot study of a case series, 106 patients (mean age 75.4 years) with predominantly occult CNVs were treated with a 1.5-ml core pars plana vitrectomy with intravitreal injections of triamcinolone (8 mg), bevacizumab (1.25 mg) and balanced salt solution. The best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA; logMar), central macular thickness (optical coherence tomography), and intraocular pressure (IOP; Goldmann tonometry) were assessed at baseline and follow-up visits. Results: Statistically significant increases in BCVA (vs. baseline) were observed at 2 months (mean +0.9; standard deviation±0.6 lines), 4 months (+1.3;±0.7), and 6 months (+1.2;±0.7) after the initial combined intravitreal therapy in 96/106 patients. At 6 months, BCVA had deteriorated in 20 of 96 (20.8%) patients by <2.5 lines, remained stable in 38 of 96 (39.6%) and improved in 31 (32.3%) patients by 1-3 lines, and in 7 (7.3%) patients by >3 lines. The mean central retinal thickness decreased by -41.2% (-195;±46 Î¼m) over 6 months. 55% demanded intravitreal anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) treatment after initial therapy. Increases in IOP were managed by eye drops in 11 (10%) patients with no other adverse event occurring. Conclusion: After the combined intravitreal therapy, including two drugs and a limited core vitrectomy, a significant and sustained improvement in vision of patients with occult CNVs was observed over 6 months. In 45% of the initially treated patients, anti-VEGF therapy did not have to be continued, which might be attributed to both the pharmacological effects of the drugs and the physiological changes induced by the vitrectomy (posterior vitreous detachment, liquefaction, and oxygen redistribution).
19707031	Treatment and outcome of traumatic endophthalmitis in open globe injury with retained intraocular foreign body	Purpose: Our aim was to evaluate the incidence, risk factors, pathogens, use of systemic and intravitreal antibiotics, and outcome of traumatic endophthalmitis after open globe injury with retained intraocular foreign body (RIOFB). Methods: Patients with open globe injury and RIOFB complicated by endophthalmitis were enrolled and retrospectively studied in Taiwan over a 20-year-period from 1981 to 2002. Results: There were 125 patients, who sustained open globe injury and RIOFB, which required surgical management. In 15 patients (12%) traumatic endophthalmitis was identified. Thirteen (87%) of these 15 cases had signs of endophthalmitis at their initial presentation. The patients' mean age was 41 years; all of them were male. Invading micro-organisms were isolated in 8 patients, and the positive culture rate was 53%. Gram-negative bacteria were the most commonly isolated organisms in 6 patients and 1 eye with multiple organisms. One eye with culture-proven Bacillus cereus had a very fulminant course and ended with phthisis bulbi. All 15 patients received topical and systemic intravenous antibiotic treatment; 9 eyes (60%) were given intravitreal antibiotic injection with broad-spectrum combined vancomycin and ceftazidime in 5 eyes. Pars plana vitrectomy was performed in 9 patients, with successful removal of RIOFB. The final visual acuity improved in 8 patients (53.5%), was unchanged in 1 (6.7%) and worse in 6 (40.0%). Five patients (33%) got a visual outcome of 6/60 or better. There were also 5 patients (33%) with a poor outcome of no light perception. Eleven (73%) of 15 patients had treatment delayed for >24 h after injury, and 5 out of these 11 patients had a very poor visual outcome (1 hand motion, 4 no light perception). Delay of presentation for >24 h after injury was associated with a tendency to increased risk of endophthalmitis [11/71 (15.5%) vs. 4/54 (7.4%)]. Conclusions: Early intravitreal antibiotics and prompt vitrectomy to remove the contaminating IOFB may salvage useful vision in some patients with traumatic endophthalmitis with RIOFB. Delay of treatment for >24 h was associated with increased risk of traumatic endophthalmitis.
19707032	Acute vision loss after intravitreal injection of bevacizumab (Avastin) associated with ocular ischemic syndrome	Aim: To report a patient with diabetic rubeosis who suffered from acute retinal ischemic change and stroke after intravitreal injection of bevacizumab. Methods: A 55-year-old man had diabetes with unilateral rubeosis and macular edema. Three days after receiving intravitreal injection of bevacizumab (1.25 mg in 0.1 ml), he developed acute vision loss and change of consciousness. A complete ocular examination, fluorescein angiography, carotid artery Doppler sonography and brain magnetic resonance imaging were performed. Results: Best corrected visual acuity before injection was 6/60 in the left eye. He had underlying left carotid artery stenosis combined with bilateral preproliferative diabetic retinopathy. Three days after intravitreal injection of bevacizumab, acute ocular ischemic syndrome occurred. He also suffered from acute stroke, and brain magnetic resonance angiography showed total left internal carotid artery occlusion. The final visual acuity was no light perception in the left eye and 3/6 in the right eye. Conclusions: Patients receiving intravitreal injections of bevacizumab should be evaluated for potential systemic risk factors such as carotid insufficiency, coagulopathy and poorly controlled diabetes mellitus. Acute ocular ischemic change may be associated with intravitreal injection of bevacizumab in patients with vascular compromised diabetic retinopathy and/or underlying stenosis of the carotid artery.
19709838	Alterations of furosemide binding to serum albumin induced by increased level of fatty acid	Localization of high and low affinity binding sites of furosemide in human serum albumin (HSA) as well as the influence of myristic acid on the drug binding to the albumin using fluorescence quenching method was investigated. Two independent classes of binding site in subdomain IIA of HSA structure were found. Alteration of protein affinity towards the drug and the participation of tryptophanyl and tyrosil residues in drug-albumin interaction for the determined binding sites were studied. It was concluded that association of myristic acid in its low affinity binding sites which corresponds to elevated fatty acid level in vivo, significantly decreases albumin affinity towards furosemide.
19713716	Atrioventricular valve annulus velocity and acceleration during global hypoxia in newborn pigs - Assessment of myocardial function	Background: Global hypoxia may affect regions of the neonatal heart during systole and diastole differently. Objective: In the first study, the aim was to assess longitudinal myocardial function in newborn pigs during global hypoxia and recovery. In the second study, invasive hemodynamic data were evaluated and compared with tissue velocities and acceleration. Methods: Myocardial Doppler measurements of velocity and acceleration in the atrioventricular valve annuli during global hypoxia were made. Results: In the first experiment, systolic velocity (S), early diastolic velocity (E') and peak systolic acceleration (pSac) decreased during hypoxia. S, pSac and E'mva (mitral valve annulus) recovered after reoxygenation, while E'septal and E' tva (tricuspid valve annulus) did not. Isovolumic acceleration (IVA) did not reflect systolic dysfunction. In the second experiment, Smva and pSacmva declined during hypoxia similarly to maximum dP/dT. E'mva and E'tva were correlated with Ï„ and both changed parallel to minimum dP/dT. In the TVA maximum dP/dT and pSac tva did not change, while Stva declined. By correcting for heart rate the pattern of alteration in S and pSac became comparable to the changes in E'. Conclusion: Tissue Doppler velocity in systole, diastole and acceleration during rapid ejection reflect hemodynamic changes in the neonatal myocardium during global hypoxia and recovery. S and pSac reflect systolic function, while E' correlates with Ï„ and mirrors diastolic function.
19713717	Transcriptional control of cytokine release from monocytes of the newborn: Effects of endogenous and exogenous interleukin-10 versus dexamethasone	Background: Monocytes play an important role in the fetal and neonatal inflammatory response syndrome. They are also the precursors of alveolar macrophages, microglial and Kupffer cells. Monocytes have pro-inflammatory (PI) and anti-inflammatory (AI) functions. Interleukin (IL)-10 is a potent AI cytokine released by monocytes. Objective: We determined the effects of endogenous and exogenous IL-10 versus equimolar levels of dexamethasone (DEX) on PI and AI cytokine release, as well as transcription factor DNA-binding activity, in endotoxin (lipopolysaccharide, LPS)-stimulated monocytes of the newborn. Methods: Monocytes were isolated into culture media from cord blood. ELISAs, electrophoretic mobility shift assays and Western blots were employed. Results: LPS-stimulated monocyte release of PI cytokines, tumor necrosis factor-Î± (TNF-Î±), IL-1Î² and IL-8, over 18 h was significantly augmented by addition of an IL-10 monoclonal antibody. Exogenous IL-10 at 10-8M inhibited PI cytokine release by 89-97%, while DEX at an equimolar level had no effect. DNA-binding activities of the PI transcription factors nuclear factor-ÎºB (NF-ÎºB) and activator protein-1 (AP-1), and the AI transcription factor signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) were induced over 18 h. DEX at 10-8M had no effect on any transcription factor DNA binding, but exogenous IL-10 at 10-8M produced a 60% inhibition of AP-1 DNA binding and enhanced phosphorylation of nuclear STAT3 for 18 h. Conclusion: At therapeutic levels of DEX, monocyte release of PI cytokine was insensitive to DEX in comparison to IL-10. IL-10 or its mechanism of action could lead to new therapy for inflammatory disorders in the perinatal period.
19713719	Location and extent of subconjunctival hemorrhage	Purpose: Subconjunctival hemorrhage (SCH) is a relatively frequent disease; however, there have been no reports about its location and extent. We examined its location and extent. Methods: A total of 151 patients with SCH aged 2-94 years were studied. The conjunctiva was divided into 8 equal areas. The age, gender, medical history, ocular history and site of hemorrhage were determined for all subjects. Results: The number of areas involved by SCH showed an age-related increase. Traumatic SCH had a smaller extent compared with SCH related to hypertension, diabetes and hyperlipidemia, or idiopathic SCH. Overall, SCH was significantly more common in the inferior areas than the superior areas (55.3% vs. 25.0%, p < 0.000001). In patients with SCH secondary to trauma or diabetes, however, the temporal areas were affected more often than the nasal areas (61.5% vs. 30.8% and 73.3% vs. 20.0%, respectively). Conclusion: SCH showed an age-related increase in extent and was predominant in the inferior areas. However, traumatic SCH was usually detected as localized hemorrhage in the temporal areas.
19716289	Purification and concentration of a rhamnolipid biosurfactant produced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa SP4 using foam fractionation	Pseudomonas aeruginosa SP4 was cultivated to produce a rhamnolipid biosurfactant from a nutrient broth with palm oil. The foam fractionation technique in batch mode was used for the recovery of the excreted biosurfactant from the free-cell culture medium. The effects of air flow rate, initial foam height, the pore size of the sintered glass disk, initial liquid volume, and operation time on the process performance were studied. The results showed that the operating conditions were optimized at an air flow rate of 30 ml/min, an initial foam height of 60 cm, a pore size of the sintered glass disk in the range of 160-250 Î¼m (No. 0), an initial liquid volume of 25 ml, and an operation time of 4 h, providing a biosurfactant recovery of 97% and an enrichment ratio of 4. The HPLC results also indicated that the rhamnolipid was concentrated by using the foam fractionation technique.
19716290	Biological hydrogen sulfide production in an ethanol-lactate fed fluidized-bed bioreactor	Sulfate-reducing fluidized-bed bioreactor (FBR) fed with ethanol-lactate mixture was operated at 35°C for 540 days to assess mine wastewater treatment, biological hydrogen sulfide production capacity and acetate oxidation kinetics. During the mine wastewater treatment period with synthetic wastewater, the sulfate reduction rate was 62 mmol SO42 - L-1 d-1 and Fe and Zn precipitation rates were 11 mmol Fe L-1 d-1 and 1 mmol Zn L-1 d-1. After this, the hydrogen sulfide production was optimized, resulting in sulfate reduction rate of 100 mmol SO42 - L-1 d-1 and H2S production rate of 73.2 mmol H2S L-1 d-1. The limiting step in the H2S production was the rate of acetate oxidation, being 50 mmol acetate L-1 d-1. Therefore, FBR batch assays were designed to determine the acetate oxidation kinetics, and following kinetic parameters were obtained: Km of 63 Î¼mol L-1 and Vmax of 0.76 Î¼mol acetate g VSS-1 min-1. The present study demonstrates high-rate hydrogen sulfide production and high-rate mine wastewater treatment with ethanol and lactate fed fluidized-bed bioreactor.
19716291	Nutritional bioactive components of wheat straw as affected by genotype and environment	Policosanol (PC) and phytosterol (PS) enriched dietary supplements and functional foods are marketed for their low density lipoprotein lowering properties. The presence of PC and PS in wheat straw has been reported previously. Wheat straw can be a potential source for recovery of high value components. A fundamental understanding of variations in chemical composition of feedstock is the key for designing efficient processes for value-added product development. Information on variations in the PC and PS content and composition in wheat straw is limited. The objective of this study is to examine the effect of genotype and environment on PC and PS contents and compositions in wheat straw. Samples were collected from three varieties, Jagger, Trego, and Intrada grown at two locations Balko, and Goodwell, OK in 2006. Total PC and PS contents and compositions in the samples were determined by using a gas chromatography system. This study showed that wheat straw contains significant amount of PC (approximately 137-274 mg/kg) and PS (approximately 834-1206 mg/kg). Octacosanol, tetracosanol, docosanol, hexacosanol, and tricontanol were the main PC components. Approximately 60-76% of the total PS consisted of Î²-sitosterol. Genotype and environment had a significant effect on PC and PS contents in wheat straw. This is the first study examining the effect of environment and genotype on wheat straw chemical composition. A fundamental understanding of variations of PC and PS contents and compositions in wheat straw requires further research involving samples collected over several years.
19716660	Substance use among late adolescent urban youths: Mental health and gender influences	This paper explores gender and mental health influences on alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drug use among late adolescent urban youths. Specifically, we examine whether rates of substance use differ by gender, whether mental health indices differ by gender and are predictive of substance use, and whether gender moderates the relationship between mental health and substance use. Data from our non-clinical sample of 400 youths were collected primarily online. Analysis of cross-sectional data revealed no differences in substance use by gender. Indices of mental health differed by gender, with girls reporting greater symptoms of depression and anxiety. Ratings of hostility were similar for boys and girls. Alcohol, tobacco, and drug use were associated with greater symptoms of depression, anxiety, and hostility; this relationship, however, was not moderated by gender. Study findings provide evidence that among late adolescent youths living in urban areas, poorer mental health status is associated with increased substance use. Evidence of a moderating effect of gender on the relationship between mental health and substance use was not significant.
19716673	Liquid chromatographic analysis of oxytocin and its related substances	A selective gradient liquid chromatographic (LC) method for the determination of oxytocin (OT) and its related substances in bulk drugs has been developed. The method uses a reversed-phase C18 column (25 cm Ã— 4.0 mm i.d.), 5 Î¼m kept at 40°C. The mobile phases consist of acetonitrile, dihydrogen phosphate solution pH 4.4 and water. The flow rate is 1.0 ml/min. UV detection is performed at 220 nm. A system suitability test (SST) was developed to govern the quality of the separation. The separation towards OT components was investigated on different C18 columns. The developed method was further validated with respect to robustness, precision, sensitivity and linearity. A central composite design was applied to examine the robustness of the method. The method shows good precision, sensitivity, linearity and robustness. Two commercial OT samples were examined using this method. Furthermore, the method proved to be successful when applied to analyze a marketed OT formulation for injection.
19716692	Denitrification in USB reactor with granulated biomass	Denitrification of low concentrations of NO3-N (20 mg L-1), with methanol as an organic carbon source (COD:NO3-N = 6) in laboratory upflow sludge bed reactor (USB), was tested as a possibility for wastewater post-treatment. By gradual increase of volumetric loading (Bv) and hydraulic loading (Î³), anoxic biomass spontaneously granulated out even from flocculate activated sludge and from anaerobic granulated sludge as well. Anaerobic granulated biomass derived from high-rate anaerobic IC reactor was a far better inoculum for anoxic granulation and for denitrification in the USB reactor. The maximum level of Bv and Î³ was remarkably higher with the use of anaerobic granulated inoculum, (19-22 kg COD m-3 d-1; 3.2-3.7 kg NO3-N m-3 d-1; 2.8-3.2 m3 m-2 h-1; SVI = 15 mL g-1) in comparison to inoculum from flocculate activated sludge (4.2-8.1 kg COD m-3 d-1; 0.7-1.4 kg NO3-N m-3 d-1; 0.7-1.15 m3 m-2 h-1; SVI = 40-95 mL g-1).
19716694	Development of a heavy metal sorption system through the P{double bond, long}S functionalization of coconut (Cocos nucifera) fibers	Lignocellulosic residues are interesting materials for the production of heavy metal adsorbents for aquatic systems. Whole fibers taken from coconut (Cocos nucifera) husks were functionalized with the thiophosphoryl (P{double bond, long}S) group by means of the direct reaction with Cl3P{double bond, long}S, (CH3O)2ClP{double bond, long}S or (CH3CH2O)2ClP{double bond, long}S in order to obtain an adsorptive system for 'soft' metal ions, particularly Cd2+. These functionalized fibers (FFs) were characterized by means of elemental analysis, infrared spectroscopy, thermal analysis and acid-base titration. Adsorption isotherms for Cd2+ fitted the Langmuir model, with binding capacities of 0.2-5 mmol g-1 of FF at 25°C.
19716696	Lubricants from chemically modified vegetable oils	This work reports laboratory results obtained from the production of polyols with branched ether and ester compounds from epoxidized vegetable oils pertaining to annual, temperate climate crops (soybean, sunflower and high-oleic sunflower oils), focusing on their possible use as components of lubricant base stocks. To this end, two different opening reactions of the epoxide ring were studied. The first caused by the attack with glacial acetic acid (exclusively in a single organic phase) and the second using short-chain aliphatic alcohols, methanol and ethanol, in acid media. Both reactions proceed under mild conditions: low synthesis temperature and short reaction times and with conversions above 99%. Spectroscopic (NMR), thermal (DSC) and rheological techniques were used to characterize the oils, their epoxides and polyols, to assess the impact of the nature of the vegetable oil and the chemical modifications introduced, including long-term storage conditions. Several correlations were employed to predict the viscosity of the vegetable oils with temperature, and good agreement with the experimental data was obtained.
19717241	The loss of autonomy over smoking in relation to lifetime cigarette consumption	New Zealand youth who had smoked only one cigarette had diminished autonomy over smoking. We sought to examine this issue in a US sample and examine the early onset of DSM-IV nicotine dependence. A self-administered survey was completed by 367 adolescent smokers in Massachusetts. Diminished autonomy was measured with the Hooked on Nicotine Checklist. Diminished autonomy was present in 5.7% of youth after one cigarette, in 9% after 2, in 26% after 3-4, in 44% after 5-9, in 43% after 10-19, in 67% after 20-99, and in 96% after 100 or more. DSM-IV nicotine dependence was absent in youth who had not smoked 10 cigarettes but was present in 9% after 10-19 cigarettes, in 17% after 20-99, and in 58% after 100 or more. Our data confirm the New Zealand study by showing diminished autonomy among subjects who had smoked only 1 or 2 cigarettes. Diminished autonomy after one or two cigarettes, and DSM-IV nicotine dependence after 10-19, support the sensitization-homeostasis theory of nicotine addiction that the addiction process is initiated by the first few cigarettes.
19717243	Behavioral family counseling for substance abuse: A treatment development pilot study	Substance-dependent patients (N = 29) living with a family member other than a spouse were randomly assigned to equally intensive treatments consisting of either (a) Behavioral Family Counseling (BFC) plus Individual-Based Treatment (IBT) or (b) IBT alone. Outcome data were collected at baseline, post-treatment, and at 3- and 6-month follow-up. BFC patients remained in treatment significantly longer than IBT patients. BFC patients improved significantly from baseline at all time periods on all outcomes studied, and had a medium effect size reflecting better primary outcomes of increased abstinence and reduced substance use than IBT patients. For secondary outcomes of reduced negative consequences and improved relationship adjustment, both BFC and IBT patients improved significantly and to an equivalent extent. The present results show BFC is a promising method for retaining patients in treatment, increasing abstinence, and reducing substance use. These results also provide support for larger scale, randomized trials examining the efficacy of behavioral family counseling for patients living with family members beyond spouses.
19717298	Anthraquinone-2,6-disulfonate (AQDS) as a catalyst to enhance the reductive decolourisation of the azo dyes Reactive Red 2 and Congo Red under anaerobic conditions	In this study, we assessed the catalytic effect of anthraquinone-2,6-disulfonate (AQDS) to enhance the reductive decolourisation of the azo dyes Reactive Red 2 and Congo Red in batch and continuous-flow experiments. While testing the anaerobic sludge 1 in assays free of AQDS, the highest values for the first-order kinetic constant (k1) were found with co-substrates formate and glucose. In the assays that contained 50 Î¼M of AQDS, the k1 values increased with all co-substrates tested, increasing by 3.5-fold when ethanol was the electron donor. The upflow anaerobic sludge blanket (UASB) reactors R1 (AQDS-free) and R2 (AQDS-supplemented) reached excellent decolourisation efficiencies (higher than 90%) even for the high Congo Red concentration tested (1.2 mM). However, electron donor depletion in the influent drastically decreased the colour removal capacity in both bioreactors. Reactor R2 presented higher stability and decolourisation efficiency compared to R1, indicating that the addition of a redox mediator can be valuable for treating dye-coloured wastewaters.
19717300	Study of the antifungal activity of Bacillus vallismortis ZZ185 in vitro and identification of its antifungal components	An endophytic Bacillus vallismortis ZZ185 was isolated from healthy stems of the plant Broadleaf Holly (Ilex latifolia Thunb) collected in Nanjing, China. Both the culture filtrate and the n-butanol extract of strain ZZ185 showed strong growth inhibition activity in vitro against the phytopathogens Fusarium graminearum, Alternaria alternata, Rhizoctonia solani, Cryphonectria parasitica and Phytophthora capsici. The results showed that the filtrate and extract reduced the symptoms of wheat seedlings infected with A. alternata and F. graminearum by about 90% and 50%, respectively, based on the comparison of the lengths of zones on the seminal roots showing cortical browning with those of the roots of uninfected controls. The antifungal activity of the culture filtrate was significantly correlated with cell growth of strain ZZ185. The active metabolite in the filtrate was relatively thermally stable with more than 50% of the antifungal activity of the culture filtrate being retained even after being held at 121°C for 30 min. Meanwhile, the antifungal activity of the filtrate against the growth of A. alternata and F. graminearum remained almost unchanged (>75%) when the culture was exposed to a pH ranging from 1 to 8, but significantly reduced after the filtrate had been exposed to basic conditions. From the n-butanol extract of the filtrate, the antifungal compounds were isolated as a mixture of Bacillomycin D (n-C14) and Bacillomycin D (iso-C15). The strong antifungal activity implied that the endophytic B. vallismortis ZZ185 and its bioactive components might provide an alternative resource for the biocontrol of plant diseases.
19720467	Adverse childhood events as risk factors for substance dependence: Partial mediation by mood and anxiety disorders	Aims: Adverse childhood events (ACEs) are associated with negative health outcomes. We examined ACEs as risk factors for substance dependence (SD) and the mediating effects of mood and anxiety disorders on the relations between ACEs and SD risk. Design: We compared early life experiences in 2061 individuals with a lifetime diagnosis of alcohol, cocaine, or opioid dependence and 449 controls. Measurements: Diagnostic and ACE data were obtained using the Semi-Structured Assessment for Drug Dependence and Alcoholism. Findings: Childhood abuse or exposure to violent crime was positively related to the number of lifetime mood and anxiety disorders and to SD risk. Mood and anxiety disorders had their first onset a mean of nearly 3 years before the first SD diagnosis and partially mediated the effect of ACEs on SD risk. Conclusion: ACEs appear to contribute additively to the risk of SD, with mood and anxiety disorders in the causal path for a portion of this risk. The identification and effective treatment of mood and anxiety disorders associated with ACEs could reduce the risk of developing SD.
19720468	Do parents and school matter? Protective factors for adolescent substance use	Protective factors may promote successful development by neutralizing the effects of negative risk factors. This paper is focused on possible protective factors of adolescent substance in a sample of high school students (N = 881) in Szeged, Hungary. Data were collected in 2008. Self-administered questionnaires were applied that measured smoking, binge drinking, marijuana use and parental and school-related protective factors. Multiple regression analysis revealed that parental monitoring was a universal protective factor for adolescents. Acceptance and respect of parents' values may serve as a protection against binge drinking among adolescents. High academic achievement was a predictor of smoking and binge drinking, talking about problems with teachers and being happy with school were predictors of marijuana use. Future research is needed to clarify the altered role of parent-child relationship in adolescents' substance use.
19720491	A fast and efficient LC-MS/MS method for detection, identification and quantitative analysis of bioactive sesterterpenes in Salvia dominica crude extracts	Sesterterpenes are a small group of terpenoids showing a number of interesting pharmacological properties, including cytotoxicity, anti-inflammatory, anti-microbial and anti-angiogenic activities and platelet aggregation inhibition. Recently, some sesterterpene lactones isolated from Salvia dominica have been shown to modulate enzymatic activity of tubulin tyrosine ligase (TTL), a promising target for new anticancer therapeutic strategies. However, to allow a direct use of S. dominica extracts as a source of TTL inhibitors, analytical method aimed to their fast qualitative and quantitative characterization is required. Despite the structural features and diverse biological activities of sesterterpenoids, actually no analytical method for their quantization into complex mixtures has been published. Here we describe an LC-MS/MS method aimed to qualitative and quantitative analysis of sesterterpenes lactones in the crude extracts obtained from different parts of S. dominica. This approach allowed us to characterize all the sesterterpenes by a single step analysis and also to identify two unknown compounds. Moreover, a quantitative comparison of the composition in sesterterpenes of extracts obtained from S. dominica leaves, roots and leaf galls was performed, leading to the definition of both leaves and leaf galls as suitable sources of TTL inhibitors.
19720521	Evaluation of the efficacy of a bacterial consortium for the removal of color, reduction of heavy metals, and toxicity from textile dye effluent	A microbial consortium DAS consisting three bacterial sp. originally obtained from dye contaminated sites of Solapur, India was selected because it was capable of decolorizing textile effluent and dye faster than the individual bacteria under static conditions. Identification of the isolates by 16S rRNA techniques revealed the isolates to be Pseudomonas species. The concerted metabolic activity of these isolates led to complete decolorization of textile effluent as well as Reactive Orange 16 (100 mg l-1) within 48-h at pH 7 and 30°C. Studies involving Reactive Orange 16 (RO16) dye were carried with the bacterial consortium DAS to elucidate the mechanism of biodegradation. Induction of the laccase and reductase enzyme during RO16 decolorization indicated their role in biodegradation. The biodegradation of RO16 was monitored by using IR spectroscopy, HPLC and GC-MS analysis. Cytotoxicity, genotoxicity and phytotoxicity studies carried out before and after decolorization of the textile effluent revealed the nontoxic nature of the biotreated sample.
19720522	Inhibition effect of linear alkylbenzene sulphonates on the biodegradation mechanisms of activated sludge	The study presents a conceptual approach for the identification of the inhibition mechanisms of biodegradable inhibitors. Synthetic sewage was selected as the model degradable substrate to simulate domestic wastewaters. LAS, known to be a biodegradable but inhibitory compound, was selected as a model substrate for the determination of the inhibition mechanisms. Biodegradation of synthetic sewage and LAS were monitored through oxygen uptake rate (OUR) tests conducted to observe the dynamic response of the system when fed with synthetic sewage and synthetic sewage-LAS mixtures. The approach uses respirometry to calibrate the kinetic and stoichiometric coefficients of the proposed biochemical model. Model simulation results confirmed that presence of LAS has inhibitory effects on the biodegradation mechanisms of synthetic sewage. LAS imposed non-competitive inhibition on the hydrolysis process with an inhibition coefficient of 500 mg COD/L and effected heterotrophic growth through a competitive inhibition mechanism with an inhibition coefficient of 150 mg COD/L.
19720523	Pyrolysis characteristics and kinetics of the marine microalgae Dunaliella tertiolecta using thermogravimetric analyzer	A genus of unicellular green marine microalgae, Dunaliella tertiolecta, was pyrolysed in a thermogravimetric analyzer from room temperature to 900°C in a highly purified N2 atmosphere at different heating rates of 5, 10, 20, and 40°C/min. The results showed that three stages appeared in this thermal degradation process, with increasing temperature, initial temperature, and peak temperature of pyrolysis shifting to a higher value as the heating rate increased. The increased heating rate also resulted in increased total volatile matter. The kinetic analysis of the main pyrolysis process used a composite procedure involving the iso-conversional method and the master-plots method. The iso-conversional method indicated that the pyrolysis reaction should conform to a single reaction model with an activation energy of 145.713 kJ mol-1 using Kissinger's method and 146.421 kJ mol-1 using Flynn-Wall-Ozawa's method, respectively. The master-plots method suggested that the most probable reaction mechanism was described by an Fn model. Finally, it was estimated that the pre-exponential factor was A = 2.28 Ã— 1013 s-1, the kinetic exponent was n = 2.4, and the reaction model function was f(Î±) = (1 - Î±)2.4. The results of this study provide useful information for designing a pyrolytic processing system using microalgae D. tertiolecta as feedstock.
19720524	Identification of nitrile hydratase-producing Rhodococcus ruber TH and characterization of an amiE-negative mutant	Microbial transformation of acrylonitrile to acrylamide by nitrile hydratase is of great interest to green chemistry. During the transformation, acrylic acid is generally accumulated as a by-product through biocatalysis of amidase. A novel strain with high nitrile hydratase activity was isolated from soil and identified as Rhodococcus ruber TH by morphology and 16S rRNA gene analysis. An amidase-negative recombinant, R. ruber TH3 was constructed. Its nitrile hydratase activity was 25% higher than that of the wild type, reaching 490± 29.2 U/mg dry cell weight, while the amidase activity was 60% lower. After 6 h hydration of acrylonitrile using free cells as biocatalysts at 18°C, acrylamide production by TH3 was 23% higher and the production of the by-product, acrylic acid, was 87% lower than that of the wild type. This result demonstrates that the strain TH3 could be valuable for industrial applications.
19720525	Characterization and phylogenetic analysis of biodemulsifier-producing bacteria	Based on demulsification performance, twenty biodemulsifier-producing strains were isolated from various environmental sources. Five of them achieved nearly or over 90% of emulsion breaking ratio within 24 h. With the aid of biochemical and physiological tests and 16S rDNA analysis, these isolates were classified into eleven genera, in which six genera (Brevibacillus sp., Dietzia sp., Ochrobactrum sp., Pusillimonas sp., Sphingopyxis sp. and Achromobacter sp.) were firstly reported as demulsifying strains. Moreover, with data in this study and other literatures, a phylogenic tree was constructed, showing a rich diversity of demulsifying bacteria. Half of these bacteria belong to Actinobacterale order, which is famous for hydrocarbon degradation and biosurfactant biosynthesis. However, some strains in the same genera differed remarkably in demulsifying capability, surface properties and biochemical and physiological characteristics. This implied the biosynthesis and composition of biodemulsifier were more complicated than expected.
19720526	Biopolymer from microbial assisted in situ hydrolysis of triglycerides and dimerization of fatty acids	The present study demonstrates biopolymer production by in situ bio-based dimerization of fatty acids by microorganism isolated from marine sediments. Microbial isolate grown in Zobell medium in the presence of triglycerides for the period of 24-240 h at 37°C, hydrolyze the applied triglycerides and sequentially dimerized the hydrolyzed products and subsequently polymerized and transformed to a biopolymer having appreciable adhesive properties. Physical (nature, odour, stickyness and tensile strength), chemical (instrumentation) and biochemical (cell free broth) methods of analyses carried out provided the hypotheses involved in the formation of the product as well as the nature of the product formed. Results revealed, lipolytic enzymes released during initial period of growth and the biosurfactant production during later period, respectively, hydrolyze the applied triglycerides and initiate the dimerization and further accelerated when the incubation period extended. The existence and the non-existence of in situ hydrolysis of various triglycerides followed by dimerization and polymerization and the mechanism of transformation of triglycerides to biopolymer are discussed in detail.
19720527	Fiber length and pulping characteristics of switchgrass, alfalfa stems, hybrid poplar and willow biomasses	Switchgrass (Panicum virgatum), alfalfa stems (Medicago sativa), second year growth hybrid poplar (Populus) and willow (Salix spp.) were examined to determine fiber characteristics, pulping behavior and paper properties. Alfalfa stems and switchgrass both showed length weighted average fiber length (LWW) of 0.78 mm, a very narrow fiber length distribution and high fines content. Willow and hybrid poplar have lower fines content but a very low average fiber length (0.42 and 0.48 mm LWW). In addition, the four biomass species showed distinctly different chemical compositions. Switchgrass was defibered successfully using Soda and Soda Anthraquinone (AQ) pulping and demonstrated good paper properties. Both fast-growing wood species pulped well using the Kraft process, and showed acceptable tensile strength, but low tear strength. Alfalfa stems reacted very poorly to Soda and Soda AQ pulping but responded well to Kraft and Kraft AQ. Pulps with tensile and tear strength considerably higher than those found for commercial aspen pulps were observed for alfalfa. All four biomass species examined demonstrated low pulp yield. The highest yields were obtained with poplar and switchgrass (around 43%). Considering the short fibers and low yields, all four biomass types will likely only be used in paper manufacturing if they offer considerable economic advantage over traditional pulp wood.
19726151	Implementation of an FTIR calibration curve for fast and objective determination of changes in protein secondary structure during formulation development	The aim of this study was to develop a quick and objective method for the determination of changes in protein secondary structure by Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR). Structural shifts from native regions (Î±-helix, intramolecular Î²-sheet) to aggregated strands (intermolecular Î²-sheet) were used to evaluate protein damage. FTIR spectra of 16 different proteins were recorded and quantified by peak fitting of the non-deconvolved and baseline corrected amide I bands. The resulting percentile secondary structures were correlated with the shape and intensity of the area normalized amide I bands using an interval partial least squares algorithm (iPLS). Structural elements were focused on the following regions: Î±-helix 1660-1650 cm-1, intramolecular Î²-sheet 1695-1683 cm-1 and 1644-1620 cm-1, intermolecular Î²-sheet 1620-1595 cm-1. Three calibration curves were created from the data sets. Calculated Î±-helix content ranged from 0% to 79.59%, intramolecular Î²-sheet from 10.64% to 63.89% and intermolecular Î²-sheet from 0.23% to 9.70%. The linear relationship between actual values (as determined by peak fitting) and calculated values was evaluated by correlation coefficient and root mean square error of calibration while cross-validation was performed to detect possible outliers. Results were verified by including two proteins as validation standards and comparing the calculated values to peak fitting and X-ray data. Structural changes of human serum albumin (HSA) due to elevated temperatures and the fibrillation of glucagon were quantified by calibration curve analysis. Performance and reliability of the iPLS algorithm were evaluated by comparing calculated secondary structure elements with results from peak fitting and circular dichroism. Different methods for the determination of secondary structure gave slightly different results but overall tendencies concurred. Additionally, formation of HSA aggregates could be linked to increasing Î²-sheet content by comparing SEC-HPLC and turbidity analysis with results from the FTIR calibration curves. In summary, quantification of the Î±-helix to Î²-sheet transition by iPLS analysis proves to be a feasible and objective way for the determination of damage to protein secondary structure.
19726178	Phosphoenolpyruvate-dependent phosphorylation of sucrose by Clostridium tyrobutyricum ZJU 8235: Evidence for the phosphotransferase transport system	The uptake and metabolism of sucrose, the major sugar in industrial cane molasses, by Clostridium tyrobutyricum ZJU 8235 was investigated and this study provided the first definitive evidence for phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP)-dependent phosphotransferase system (PTS) activity in butyric acid-producing bacteria. Glucose was utilized preferentially to sucrose when both substrates were present in the medium. The PEP-dependent sucrose: PTS was induced by growing C. tyrobutyricum on sucrose (but not glucose) as the sole carbon source. Extract fractionation and PTS reconstitution experiments revealed that both soluble and membrane components were required for bioactivity. Sucrose-6-phosphate hydrolase and fructokinase activities were also detected in sucrose-grown cultures. Based on these findings, a pathway of sucrose metabolism in this organism was proposed that includes the forming of sucrose-6-phosphate via the PTS and its further degradation into glucose-6-phosphate and fructose-6-phosphate.
19726179	Recovering corn germ enriched in recombinant protein by wet-fractionation	Corn wet-fractionation processes (quick-germ fractionation and traditional wet milling) were evaluated as means of recovering fractions rich in recombinant collagen-related proteins that were targeted for expression in the germ (embryo) of transgenic corn. Transgenic corn lines accumulating a recombinant full-length human collagen type-I-alpha-1 (full-length rCIÎ±1) or a 44-kDa rCIÎ±1 fragment targeted for seed expression with an embryo-specific promoter were used. Factors to consider in efficient recovery processes are the distribution of the peptides among botanical parts and process recovery efficiency. Both recombinant proteins were distributed 62-64% in germ comprising about 8.6% of the dry grain mass; 34-38% in the endosperm comprising 84% of the dry grain mass; 1.7% in the pericarp comprising about 5% of the dry mass; and 1% in the tip-cap comprising 1.5-2% of the dry mass. The quick-germ method employed a short steeping period either in water or SO2-lactic acid solution followed by wet-milling degermination to recover a germ-rich fraction. Of the total recombinant protein expressed in germ, the quick-germ process recovered 40-43% of the total recombinant protein within 6-8% of the corn mass. The traditional corn wet-milling process produced higher purity germ but with lower recovery (24-26%) of the recombinant protein. The two quick-germ methods, using water alone or SO2-lactic acid steeping, did not substantially differ in rCIÎ±1 recovery, and the quick-germ processes recovered germ with less leaching and proteolytic losses of the recombinant proteins than did traditional wet milling. Thus, grain fractionation enriched the recombinant proteins 6-fold higher than that of unfractionated kernels. Such enrichment may improve downstream processing efficiency and enable utilizing the protein-lean co-products to produce biofuels and biorenewable chemicals by fermenting the remaining starch-rich fractions.
19726181	Enhancement of lipase catalyzed-fatty acid methyl esters production from waste activated bleaching earth by nullification of lipase inhibitors	This study sought to identify inhibitory factors of lipase catalyzed-fatty acid methyl esters (FAME) production from waste activated bleaching earth (wABE). During the vegetable oil refinery process, activated bleaching earth (ABE) is used for removing the impure compounds, but adsorbs vegetable oil up to 35-40% as on a weight basis, and then the wABE is discarded as waste material. The impurities were extracted from the wABE with methanol and evaluated by infra-red (IR) spectroscopy, which revealed that some were chlorophyll-plant pigments. The chlorophylls inhibited the lipase during FAME conversion from wABE. The inhibition by a mixture of chlorophyll a and b was found to be competitive. The inhibition of the enzymatic hydrolysis of waste vegetable oil contained in wABE by chlorophyll a alone was competitive, while the inhibition by chlorophyll b alone was non-competitive. Furthermore, the addition of a small amount of alkali nullified this inhibitory effect and accelerated the FAME production rate. When 0.9% KOH (w/w wABE) was added to the transesterification reaction with only 0.05% lipase (w/w wABE), the maximum FAME production rate improved 120-fold, as compared to that without the addition of KOH. The alkali-combined lipase significantly enhanced the FAME production rate from wABE, in spite of the presence of the plant pigments, and even when a lower amount of lipase was used as a catalyst.
19729250	Modeling associations between posttraumatic stress symptoms and substance use	Comorbid substance use and posttraumatic stress disorders (SUD-PTSD) predict poorer treatment outcomes. Self-medication has been forwarded as a symptom-level explanatory model. However, research has yet to be conducted that can provide detailed examination of SUD and PTSD symptom fluctuations over time as posited by such a process. This pilot study examined associations between PTSD and substance dependence (SD) symptoms/substance use using two established methodologies that assess week-by-week symptom and substance use/dependence status. Outpatients (N = 35) in SUD treatment completed the Longitudinal Follow-Up Evaluation and the Time Lime Follow-Back Interview, retrospectively reporting weekly PTSD and SD symptoms, and substance use over the previous 6-months. Results indicated that weekly PTSD symptom fluctuations were concurrently associated with the presence of alcohol and cocaine dependence symptoms and were associated with the presence of opiate dependence symptoms in the following week. These findings support a self-medication conceptualization, underscore the utility of using a more detailed process analysis of PTSD and SD symptoms, and suggest that PTSD fluctuations are associated with substance problems, rather than with substance use per se.
19729299	Repellent activity of essential oils: A review	Currently, the use of synthetic chemicals to control insects and arthropods raises several concerns related to environment and human health. An alternative is to use natural products that possess good efficacy and are environmentally friendly. Among those chemicals, essential oils from plants belonging to several species have been extensively tested to assess their repellent properties as a valuable natural resource. The essential oils whose repellent activities have been demonstrated, as well as the importance of the synergistic effects among their components are the main focus of this review. Essential oils are volatile mixtures of hydrocarbons with a diversity of functional groups, and their repellent activity has been linked to the presence of monoterpenes and sesquiterpenes. However, in some cases, these chemicals can work synergistically, improving their effectiveness. In addition, the use of other natural products in the mixture, such as vanillin, could increase the protection time, potentiating the repellent effect of some essential oils. Among the plant families with promising essential oils used as repellents, Cymbopogon spp., Ocimum spp. and Eucalyptus spp. are the most cited. Individual compounds present in these mixtures with high repellent activity include Î±-pinene, limonene, citronellol, citronellal, camphor and thymol. Finally, although from an economical point of view synthetic chemicals are still more frequently used as repellents than essential oils, these natural products have the potential to provide efficient, and safer repellents for humans and the environment.
19729302	The long-term effect of carbon source on the competition between polyphosphorus accumulating organisms and glycogen accumulating organism in a continuous plug-flow anaerobic/aerobic (A/O) process	Laboratory experiments were conducted in a continuous plug-flow anaerobic/aerobic (A/O) process to kinetically investigate the long-term effect of the different carbon sources (i.e., acetate, acetate/propionate, propionate and glucose) on the competition between polyphosphorus accumulating organisms (PAOs) and glycogen accumulating organisms (GAOs). It was found that propionate was more benefit than acetate for PAOs even in the A/O process, and PAOs enriched with acetate were readily able to metabolize propionate without the requirement of adaptation. Glucose gave GAOs metabolic advantage in the PAOs-GAOs competition, which thereby worsened the EBPR performance. Nevertheless, the EBPR capacity could recover by returning carbon to acetate, with the acclimation time of approximately 2-SRTs. This suggests that the varying of carbon can be an effective approach to provide PAOs a competitive advantage over GAOs. Additionally, MLVSS/MLSS could indicate the shift of the microorganism between GAOs and PAOs, but it was not as precise as the biomass-P content.
19729956	Nitric oxide suppresses cerebral vasomotion by sgc-independent effects on ryanodine receptors and voltage-gated calcium channels	Background/Aims: In cerebral arteries, nitric oxide (NO) release plays a key role in suppressing vasomotion. Our aim was to establish the pathways affected by NO in rat middle cerebral arteries. Methods: In isolated segments of artery, isometric tension and simultaneous measurements of either smooth muscle membrane potential or intracellular [Ca2+] ([Ca2+] SMC) changes were recorded. Results: In the absence of L-NAME, asynchronous propagating Ca2+ waves were recorded that were sensitive to block with ryanodine, but not nifedipine. L-NAME stimulated pronounced vasomotion and synchronous Ca2+ oscillations with close temporal coupling between membrane potential, tone and [Ca2+]SMC. If nifedipine was applied together with L-NAME, [Ca2+]SMC decreased and synchronous Ca2+ oscillations were lost, but asynchronous propagating Ca2+ waves persisted. Vasomotion was similarly evoked by either iberiotoxin, or by ryanodine, and to a lesser extent by ODQ. Exogenous application of NONOate stimulated endothelium-independent hyperpolarization and relaxation of either L-NAME-induced or spontaneous arterial tone. NO-evoked hyperpolarization involved activation of BK Ca channels via ryanodine receptors (RYRs), with little involvement of sGC. Further, in whole cell mode, NO inhibited current through L-type voltage-gated Ca2+ channels (VGCC), which was independent of both voltage and sGC. Conclusion: NO exerts sGC-independent actions at RYRs and at VGCC, both of which normally suppress cerebral artery myogenic tone.
19729957	Antioxidants reverse age-related collateral growth impairment	Aging is a major risk factor for the development of cardiovascular diseases, including arterial occlusive disease. Oxidant stress increases with age, and may be a significant factor contributing to vascular dysfunction and disease. We have shown that aging and hypertension impair collateral growth, the natural compensatory response to arterial occlusive disease, and that antioxidants restore collateral growth in young hypertensive rats. The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that oxidant stress mediates collateral growth impairment in nondiseased, aged rats. Ileal arteries were induced to become collaterals via ligation of adjacent arteries. Growth was assessed at 7 days by repeated in vivo measurements and comparison to same-animal control arteries. Collateral diameter enlargement did not occur in aged rats, but luminal expansion was stimulated by pretreatment with tempol. Co-administration of L-NAME with tempol prevented tempol-mediated collateral development. Expression of p22phox mRNA was increased in aged versus young rat arteries, suggesting NAD(P)H oxidase as a source of reactive oxygen species. Treatment with apocynin increased collateral growth capacity, whether administered prior to, or 7 days following, arterial ligation. The results suggest that antioxidant treatment may be useful in promoting collateral growth to compensate for age-related arterial occlusive disease.
19729960	Diminished insulin-mediated forearm blood flow and muscle glucose uptake in young men with low birth weight	Background: Low birth weight (LBW) is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We studied endothelial function and insulin sensitivity in young men with LBW (n = 22) and controls (n = 22). Methods: Insulin sensitivity and endothelial function was studied with venous occlusion plethysmography and intra-arterial infusions of adenosine and acetylcholine, before and during a hyperinsulinemic isoglycemic clamp. Results: Forearm blood flow response to systemic hyperinsulinemia was diminished in LBW compared to controls (p < 0.05). Fractional arteriovenous glucose extraction was similar, and consequently insulin-stimulated forearm glucose clearance was diminished in LBW compared with controls (0.8± 0.09 vs. 1.4± 0.36 mlÂ·100 ml-1Â·min-1, respectively, p < 0.05). Forearm blood flow response to adenosine and acetylcholine with or without insulin stimulation did not differ between groups. Whole-body glucose uptake was lower in LBW than controls (8.7± 0.5 and 9.1± 0.6 mgÂ·min-1Â·kg-1 lean body mass); however, this was not significant. Conclusions: Forearm blood flow response to insulin is impaired in LBW, whereas the response to adenosine and acetylcholine is preserved. The impaired insulin-mediated increase in bulk flow in LBW may be due to an impairment of insulin-mediated capillary recruitment independent of-or preceding-whole-body insulin resistance in LBW subjects.
19729961	CNGA2 contributes to ATP-induced noncapacitative Ca influx in vascular endothelial cells	Background/Aims: ATP can activate several Ca2+ influx channels in vascular endothelial cells. For example, it stimulates TRPC channels via capacitative and noncapacitative Ca2+ entry (CCE and non-CCE, respectively) mechanisms; it also directly acts on P2X purinoceptors, resulting in Ca2+ influx. In the present study, we tested the hypothesis that cyclic nucleotide-gated (CNG) channels also contribute to ATP-induced non-CCE. Methods: Two selective inhibitors of CNG channels, L-cis-diltiazem and LY-83583, and CNGA2-specific siRNA were used to study the involvement of CNGA2 in ATP-induced non-CCE in endothelial cells. Ca2+ influx was studied using Ca2+-sensitive fluorescence dyes Fluo-3 and Fluo-4. Results/Conclusion:L-cis-diltiazem and LY-83583 markedly reduced ATP-induced non-CCE in 3 types of endothelial cells including the H5V endothelial cell line, the primary cultured bovine aortic endothelial cells and the endothelial cells within isolated mouse aortic strips. The CNGA2-specific siRNA also reduced the ATP-induced non-CCE in H5V endothelial cells. The Ca2+ influx was inhibited by Rp-8-CPT-cAMPS, MDL-12330A, SQ-22536 and MRS-2179, but not by ODQ or NF-157. Taken together, the present study demonstrated that CNGA2 channels contribute to ATP-induced non-CCE in vascular endothelial cells. It is likely that ATP acts through P2Y1receptors and adenylyl cyclases to stimulate CNGA2.
19729981	Symmetry of retinal vessel arborisation in normal and amblyopic eyes	Purpose: Arborisation of retinal vessels might be influenced by the physiological activity of the retina. It seems that the pattern of retinal vessels is an obvious object for fractal analysis. The fractal dimension of normal retinas was therefore used by us as a control value for comparison with the values collected from patients with amblyopia in one eye connected with strabismus and normal vision in the other. Methods: The 'box-counting method' was used for calculation of self-similarity dimension in 54 control patients, i.e. comparing 54 left retinas with 54 right ones. Statistical analysis was performed for these groups. This value was therefore used as a control for comparison with the values of fractal dimensions measured in patients with amblyopia connected with strabismus in one eye and normal vision in the other. The retinas of 30 patients with strabismus in one eye and of 1 patient with strabismus in both eyes were analysed. Results: The measurements performed on digitised photos of the retinas of these patients proved statistically significant differences between the control group and the fractal dimensions for the arborisation of retinal vessels in the eyes of patients with normal vision as well as differences in comparison with the retinas of functionally disabled eyes with defective vision connected with strabismus. Conclusion: The final conclusion is not obvious. It seems that normal vision has a statistically confirmed influence on the development of retinal vessels. Defective vision connected with strabismus is disturbing the process of arborisation of the retinal vessels. The retinal vessels of the patient eyes with normal vision differ from the normal pattern as defined by fractal dimensions of control eyes.
19729982	Mechanism of visual sensations experienced during pars plana vitrectomy under retrobulbar anesthesia	Purpose: To investigate the visual sensations experienced by patients during vitrectomy under retrobulbar anesthesia. Methods: 30 men and 45 women with a mean age of 65.3± 10.6 years underwent vitrectomy under retrobulbar anesthesia for macular disease. 28 eyes had an idiopathic epiretinal membrane, 13 had an idiopathic macular hole, 32 had macular edema (17 diabetic retinopathy and 15 retinal vein occlusion), and 2 had submacular hemorrhage. 49 patients with nonmacular disease underwent similar vitrectomy procedures and were used for comparison. An interview was conducted with the patient about his/her visual sensations during and within 3 h of the vitrectomy. Results: 70 (93.3%) of the patients reported seeing lights, 53 (70.7%) reported seeing colors, and 48 (64.0%) reported seeing movements or moving objects. Of the patients who reported seeing movements or moving objects, 44 (58.7%) reported seeing surgical instruments, and 5 (6.7%) saw the surgeon's fingers or hands. Patients with macular diseases tended to report more visual sensations than patients with nonmacular diseases. The patients' description and drawings appeared to arise mainly from the shadows cast by the intravitreal objects, and some patients perceived highly accurate details including the movements and color of the objects. Conclusions: Visual sensations are experienced by approximately 90% of the patients, and there may be a common mechanism by which patients perceive the intravitreal objects that are not focused on by the retina through the eye's optical system.
19729983	The effect of lubricating eye drop containing hydroxypropyl guar on perimetry results of patients with glaucoma and trachomatous dry eye	Purpose: To evaluate the effects of a mid-viscosity mucomimetic lubricant eye drop containing hydroxypropyl guar (HPG) as a gelling agent on computerized perimetry FASTPAC test results of primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG) patients with trachomatous dry eye. Methods: Both eyes of 33 patients with bilateral POAG and trachomatous dry eye were included in the study. They were treated with the same antiglaucomatous eye drop and underwent computerized perimetry. Before and after the treatment with lubricant eye drop (Systaneâ„¢) for 8 weeks, tear function tests (Schirmer test with topical anesthesia, fluorescein staining and tear film break-up time) and FASTPAC test with computerized perimetry were performed. Pre- and posttreatment tear functions, visual field test global indices, reliability indices, test duration and numbers of depressed points in pattern deviation plots were compared. Results: We found significant improvements in tear function tests results, in computerized perimetry FASTPAC test indices, test duration and the number of depressed points in pattern deviation plots in the posttreatment evaluations. Conclusion: This study indicates that there was a benefit of mid-viscosity lubricant eye drop containing HPG treatment on computerized perimetry FASTPAC test performance in POAG subjects with trachomatous dry eye. We assume that the positive effect of this therapy is probably due to a better tear film stability, resulting in a higher optical quality of the repaired anterior corneal surface.
19729984	Evaluation of retinal nerve fiber layer with optic nerve tracking optical coherence tomography in thyroid-associated orbitopathy	Aims: To evaluate retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL) thickness in eyes with Graves' orbitopathy (GO), in eyes with ocular hypertension (OHT) and in a control group of healthy eyes. Methods: Observational, controlled cross-sectional study. We evaluated all patients with primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG) and all patients with GO and intraocular pressure >23 mm Hg in primary position examined from March 2006 to June 2007. Forty apparently healthy patients (80 eyes) were enrolled as a control group. Complete ophthalmic evaluation, visual field (VF) examination with the Humphrey Visual Field Analyzer and RNFL thickness measurement with optic nerve tracking optical coherence tomography (ONT-OCT; OCT/SLO, OTI, Toronto, Ont., Canada) were performed. Results: Among 116 eyes with POAG [58 patients, 32 males, 26 females, mean age 62 (46-71) years], RNFL was reduced in 87 eyes (75%, p = 0.05) when compared with the control group, and a good correlation was found between RNFL thickness and VF abnormalities (Spearman's Ï 0.822; p = 0.001). Among 60 eyes [30 patients, 12 males, 18 females, mean age 56 (50-69) years] with GO and OHT, nonglaucomatous diffuse abnormalities of the VF were detected in 44 eyes (73.3%, p = 0.03), while RNFL thinning was present in 14 eyes (9 patients, 23.3%, p = 0.03). No correlation was found between RNFL thickness and VF abnormalities (Spearman's Ï 0.365; p = 0.02). No significant differences in RNFL pattern were present between the group with GO, OHT and RNFL thinning and the group with POAG. Conclusions: In patients with GO and OHT, evaluation of RNFL thickness with ONT-OCT may represent an objective diagnostic technique for detecting optic neuropathy.
19729985	Primary heavy silicone Oil usage in inferior rhegmatogenous retinal detachment	Purpose: To evaluate the efficacy and complications of heavy silicone oil (Densiron 68) in primary inferiorly located retinal detachment. Methods: Sixty-seven eyes of patients aged 24-79 years with inferior primary rhegmatogenous retinal detachment with/without proliferative vitreoretinopathy grades C and lower were included in the study. The mean duration of the Densiron endotamponade was 87 days (range, 60-180 days), with a mean follow-up after removal of 110± 41 days. Results: Anatomical success was achieved in 64 of 67 eyes with completed follow-up. The mean visual acuity was changed significantly (p < 0.05). Partial superior redetachment occurred in 3 cases during endotamponade. No redetachment occurred after removal of the silicone oil. Postoperative best corrected visual acuity was better than 20/40 in 43 of cases at the end of follow-up. The mean intraocular pressure was 19.2 mm Hg during endotamponade follow-up. Mild to moderate intraocular inflammation was detected in 7 eyes. In 6 cases, adherence of residual bubble or bubbles was present after removal of the heavy silicone oil. Other complications, like elevated intraocular pressure (n = 6), emulsification (n = 8), temporary lens opacities (n = 14) or early cataract (n = 9), were detected after the operation. Conclusion: Long-term endotamponade with Densiron in inferior retinal detachment appears to be a safe and useful option.
19733025	High-throughput metal screening in pharmaceutical samples by ICP-MS with automated flow injection using a modified HPLC configuration	There is growing pressure in pharmaceutical research and development to increase sample throughput and turnaround time for metal analysis. This need is especially pronounced when a large number of samples must be analyzed to support rapid remediation of metal contamination problems. In this study we describe the utilization of an HPLC-ICP-MS system in automated flow injection (FI) mode for the rapid assessment of metal (palladium, rhodium, chromium, etc.) concentration. The system consists of an HPLC standard or well-plate autosampler, a novel interface (consisting of a desolvating unit, an eluent splitter and a built-in peristaltic pump) and the ICP-MS instrument. This configuration ensures a fully automatic process and is well suited for standardization. The interface can be easily switched to adapt to HPLC eluents or FI introduction for speciation or flow injection analysis. The use of the well-plate autosampler decreases sample injection cycle time and adds flexibility to the system by allowing direct analysis with little or no sample preparation. The FI-ICP-MS method provides a means for high-throughput metal screening with unprecedented speed. Other advantages of the method include automatic analysis of microliter sample volumes, fast inter-sample washout and reduced reagent consumption.
19733060	Improved cross-linked enzyme aggregates for the production of desacetyl Î²-lactam antibiotics intermediates	Cross-linked enzyme aggregates (CLEAs) are reported for the first time for a recombinant acetyl xylan esterase (AXE) from Bacillus pumilus. With this enzyme, CLEAs production was most effective using 3.2 M (80%-saturation) ammonium sulfate, followed by cross-linking for 3 h with 1% (v/v) glutaraldehyde. Particle size was a key determinant of the CLEAs activity. The usual method for generating particles, by short-time vortexing was highly inefficient in terms of enzyme activity yields. In contrast, the use of long-time vortexing increased activity recovery, and a novel approach consisting in the utilization of a commercial mechanical cell disruptor which is based on a reciprocating movement recovered all the enzyme activity in few seconds. In the CLEAs thus produced, the enzyme was much more resistant to shear, heat and extreme pH values than the soluble enzyme. The CLEAs were highly effective in transforming fully 7-amino cephalosporanic acid and cephalosporin C into their corresponding desacetyl derivatives, which are important advanced intermediates in the production of semisynthetic Î²-lactam antibiotics. The operational stability of such CLEAs was remarkable, with a half life of 45 cycles. Therefore, the new methodology used here should decrease the industrial cost of the CLEAs, both in terms of biocatalyst production and reusability.
19733061	Isolation of an alkane-degrading Alcanivorax sp. strain 2B5 and cloning of the alkB gene	A Gram-negative coccus, strain 2B5, was isolated from the sea mud of the crude oil-polluted Donghai area in China and identified as Alcanivorax sp. based on its physiological characteristics and analysis of its 16S rRNA gene sequence. Strain 2B5 was able to degrade C13-C30 n-alkanes and branched alkanes (pristane and phytane) from crude oil as the sole carbon source. The optimal temperature and pH for strain 2B5 growth and octadecane degradation were 30-37°C and pH 6.0-7.0, respectively. NaCl is required for strain 2B5 growth and octadecane degradation were highest at NaCl concentrations of 20 to 90 g L-1. A novel alkane hydroxylase gene (alkB), obtained by self-formed adaptor PCR (SEFA-PCR), displays 41.9% deduced amino acid sequence identity with alkB1 of Alcanivorax borkumensis SK2. Functional heterologous expression of the alkB gene was achieved in Pseudomonas fluorescens KOB2â–³1. Recombinant Pseudomonas containing the alkB gene of Alcanivorax sp. strain 2B5 recovered the ability to grow on C14 and C16 n-alkanes. RT-PCR analysis showed that expression of the alkB gene was induced by octadecane. There could be other alkane hydroxylases in Alcanivorax sp. 2B5 that could be involved in the degradation of short- and long-chain alkanes.
19733063	Evaluation of the physical, mechanical properties and formaldehyde emission of particleboard manufactured from waste stone pine (Pinus pinea L.) cones	The objective of this study was to investigate some physical/mechanical properties and formaldehyde emission of particleboard containing particles of waste stone pine cone at various usage ratios using urea-formaldehyde resin. Some physical (thickness swelling, water absorption), mechanical (modulus of elasticity, modulus of rupture, internal bond strength) properties and formaldehyde emission of particleboards were evaluated. The addition of cone particle improved water resistance of the panels and greatly reduced their formaldehyde emissions. However, flexural properties and internal bond strength decreased with increasing cone particle content in the panel. The cone of the stone pine can be considered as an alternative to wood material in the manufacture of particleboard used in indoor environment due to lower thickness swelling, water absorption and formaldehyde emission.
19733064	Lipophilic extractives from several nonwoody lignocellulosic crops (flax, hemp, sisal, abaca) and their fate during alkaline pulping and TCF/ECF bleaching	The fate of lipophilic extractives from several nonwoody species (flax, hemp, sisal and abaca) used for the manufacturing of cellulose pulps, was studied during soda/anthraquinone (AQ) pulping and totally chorine free (TCF) and elemental chlorine free (ECF) bleaching. With this purpose, the lipophilic extracts from the raw materials and their unbleached and bleached industrial pulps, were analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Aldehydes, hydroxyfatty acids and esterified compounds such as ester waxes, sterol esters and alkylferulates strongly decreased after soda/AQ pulping while alkanes, alcohols, free sterols and sterol glycosides survived the cooking process. Among the lipophilic extractives that remained in the unbleached pulps, some amounts of free sterols were still present in the TCF pulps whereas they were practically absent in the ECF pulps. Sterol glycosides were also removed after both TCF and ECF bleaching. By contrast, saturated fatty acids, fatty alcohols and alkanes were still present in both bleached pulps.
19733065	Bacterial community structure and dominant bacteria in activated sludge from a 70°C ultrasound-enhanced anaerobic reactor for treating carbazole-containing wastewater	Status of, and changes in, the bacterial communities at two acclimation stages (with- and without-ultrasound) in a small 70°C ultrasound-enhanced anaerobic reactor for treating carbazole-containing wastewater reactor were analyzed by PCR-DGGE and real-time PCR techniques. PCR-DGGE results indicated that a large number of bands occurred in the whole sludge samples. Pseudomonas sp., Comamonas sp., and Diaphorobacter sp. were identified as being able to utilize carbazole as a carbon source, survive in an anaerobic and ultra-high-temperature environment and become dominant bacterial taxa during the with-ultrasound stage in the reactor. Total bacterial density in the with-ultrasonic stages was 10 Ã— higher than in the without-ultrasonic treatment. The proportion of Pseudomonas was relatively stable at 0.13%-0.15% in both acclimation stages, which indicates that Pseudomonas can flourish and promote carbazole degradation either with or without-ultrasound. These studies provide information on carbazole degradation under ultra-high-temperature conditions in an anaerobic environment.
19733441	Comorbidity of generalized anxiety disorder and alcohol use disorders among individuals seeking outpatient substance abuse treatment	The present study sought to address a gap in the literature by providing preliminary evidence of the prevalence and clinical characteristics of comorbid generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and alcohol use disorders (AUD) in a front-line outpatient substance abuse clinic. Of 39 outpatients meeting criteria for an AUD, nearly half (46%) also met criteria for current GAD. The onset of GAD occurred prior to AUD in 67% of comorbid cases, with an average time lag of 12.5Â years among individuals with primary GAD. Participants with comorbid GAD-AUD endorsed higher levels of worry severity and worry-reduction alcohol expectancies, and 55.6% of comorbid participants had a history of suicide attempts. Groups did not differ on anxiety sensitivity, social anxiety, or depression. Comorbid participants were more likely to indicate that worry interfered with their substance abuse treatment, and to indicate interest in concurrent treatment targeting their worry. Study findings provide initial evidence that GAD may be a prevalent and relevant factor among individuals with AUD seeking outpatient substance abuse treatment.
19733442	Examining factorial structure and measurement invariance of the Brief Symptom Inventory (BSI)-18 among drug users	The purpose of this study is to examine the factorial structure of the Brief Symptom Inventory 18 (BSI-18) and test its measurement invariance among different drug using populations. A total sample of 710 drug users was recruited using respondent-drive sampling (RDS) from three states: Ohio (n = 248), Arkansas (n = 237), and Kentucky (n = 225). The results of confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) show: 1) the BSI-18 has a three-factor structure (somatization, depression, and anxiety) with an underlying second-order factor (global severity index of distress); and 2) its factorial structure and metric (factor loadings) are invariant across populations under study. However, the scalars (intercepts) of the BSI-18 items are not invariant, and the means of the latent factors also varied across populations. Our findings provide evidence of a valid factorial structure of the BSI-18 that can be readily applied to studying drug using populations.
19733477	Purification and characterization of four keratinases produced by Streptomyces sp. strain 16 in native human foot skin medium	Four extracellular keratinases (designated KI, KII, KIII, and KIV) were produced during submerged aerobic cultivation in a medium containing native human foot skin (NHFS) for enzyme synthesis. The molecular weights, determined by SDS-PAGE, were 25, 50, 34, and 19 kDa, respectively. Gel filtration of the four purified enzymes in native conditions indicated that active keratinase KI is a novel homo-octamer, KII a homo-dimer, and KIII and KIV monomers. All four keratinases exhibited high activities at pH 8.0-10.0 with an optimal pH of 9.0. The optimal temperature for keratinolytic activity of KI, KII, and KIII was approximately 50, and 60°C for KIV. One millimolar of PMSF completely inhibited the keratinolytic activities of the four enzymes. The N-terminal sequences of KI, KII, and KIII showed that they were different from previously described enzymes, whereas KIV shared an identical N-terminal sequence with two other peptidases from Streptomyces.
19733478	Feasibility of using an organic substrate in a wetland system treating sewage sludge: Impact of plant species	A vertical-flow wetland system was tested for treatment of liquid sludge with high organic concentrations using an organic substrate (peat/crushed pine bark, 1/1) as growing medium. Mesocosms (1 m3) were planted with either Phragmites australis Cav., Typha latifolia L., or Iris pseudacorus L. The aim of the work was to determine the feasibility of using an organic substrate in treatment wetlands, through the study of its temporal patterns and of its impact on the water output quality. Results confirmed that the organic substrate can be used in such wetlands treating highly organic sludge, without clogging phenomena for the experimental period. The organic substrate released soluble organic matter but few mineral elements. Over the experimental period, substrate TOC concentration did not change while N concentration increased. Plants showed positive impact on substrate temporal patterns and also on the outflow water quality. Overall, Phragmites seemed to be more beneficial than Typha and Iris.
19733978	Peer influence in a micro-perspective: Imitation of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages	Ample experimental research has found evidence for imitation of alcohol consumption in social encounters. However, these studies cannot reveal whether imitation is specifically related to alcohol and not to consumption in general. We investigated whether imitation is more evident when peers drink alcohol compared to other beverages. We observed sipping behavior during a 30-minute interaction between same-sex confederates and participants in an ad lib semi-naturalistic drinking context (bar lab). We expected a stronger imitation effect when both participant and confederate drank alcoholic beverages. A random occasion multilevel analysis was conducted to take repeated measurements into account. Findings showed that participants imitated the sips of the confederates, but that the likelihood of participants imitating a sip was lower when confederates were drinking alcoholic beverages and participants non-alcoholic beverages compared to when both were consuming alcohol.
19733992	Comparison of a Luminescent Oxygen Channeling Immunoassay and an ELISA for detecting Insulin Aspart in human serum	The study was a comparison between a Luminescent Oxygen Channeling Immunoassay (LOCIâ„¢) and an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for quantification of Insulin Aspart (IAsp) in human serum. The advantage of LOCIâ„¢ compared to ELISA is reduced workload and higher throughput. The ELISA assay was performed as published (Andersen et al., 2000 [5]). The LOCIâ„¢ followed a 2-step reaction. First, the sample was incubated for 1 h with a mixture of biotinylated antibody specific for IAsp and beads coated with insulin-detecting antibody. This step was followed by a 30-min incubation with beads covalently coated with streptavidin. When the beads were brought in proximity through binding of IAsp, light was generated from a chemiluminescent reaction in the beads. This light was measured and quantified. Spiked samples with different concentrations of IAsp were prepared in human serum to compare ELISA and LOCIâ„¢. Human serum samples (n = 510) from a pilot study with healthy subjects receiving IAsp were also analysed and compared in the two assays. Higher precision, improved accuracy and a wider analytical range were found using LOCIâ„¢ compared to ELISA. However, sample haemolysis interfered more when using LOCIâ„¢ than ELISA. The IAsp concentrations determined in the human serum samples from the pilot study gave a good correlation between the two assays. In conclusion, LOCIâ„¢ can determine IAsp in human serum just as well as ELISA. Using LOCIâ„¢ reduces the workload, which is particularly useful when handling large sample sizes.
19735985	Mediators between coping styles and substance use/intentions in urban, high school freshmen	To explore what mediates relationships between coping styles and substance use, different types of coping, proximal precursors of substance use, and reported substance use/intentions to use were examined in a study of low income, urban, high school freshmen from American ethnic minority groups. Regression analyses showed evidence for two mediators. The relationship between a tendency to depend upon parents to cope with problems and increased substance use was mediated by lowered perceptions of harm from use. The relationship between a tendency to use substances to cope with problems and increased substance use was mediated by increased tolerance for and use by friends.
19736000	Properties of Tung oil biodiesel and its blends with 0# diesel	Tung oil was used to produce biodiesel by transesterification with methanol catalyzed by potassium hydroxide and the influence of the transesterification temperatures on the properties of the Tung oil biodiesel was investigated. FT-IR, UV, and GC-MS results indicated that the triconjugated double bonds of Tung oil were stable during the transesterification procedure between 25 and 60°C. The results of properties showed that Tung oil biodiesel had a low cold filter plugging point (CFPP, -19°C) and a higher kinetic viscosity (KV, 7.070 mm2/s). Acid value (AV), KV, and CFPP increased with the increase of storing time. Blending Tung oil biodiesel with 0# diesel could improve its stability. B20 or lower blends could still meet the specification of ASTM D7467 after storage for a month. They were more stable than pure Tung oil biodiesel.
19736001	Cloning and expression of a Paecilomyces thermophila xylanase gene in E. coli and characterization of the recombinant xylanase	A cDNA library of Paecilomyces thermophila was constructed, and the gene encoding xylanase (designated Pt xynA) was isolated from the library. Pt xynA consisted of 681 bp, and the translated protein encoded 226 amino acids. This is the first functional gene cloned from P. thermophila. The gene was successfully expressed in Escherichia coli BL21 and the recombinant xylanase (XynA) was purified to homogeneity by Ni-NTA and Sephadex G50. XynA showed an optimum activity at 75°C and pH 7.0. Its residual activity was more than 60% after being treated at 85°C for 30 min. Km values of XynA for birchwood xylan, beechwood xylan and oat-spelt xylan were 4.4, 3.6 and 9.7 mg ml-1, respectively. The enzyme has an endohydrolytic mode of action and can hydrolyse xylotriose to xylobiose through transglycosylation. These results indicate the XynA is a thermostable enzyme and has great potential in various industries.
19736002	Ultrasound-assisted production of biodiesel fuel from vegetable oils in a small scale circulation process	Biodiesel production from canola oil with methanol was performed in the presence of a base-catalyst by a circulation process at room temperature. In this process, the transesterification was accelerated by ultrasonic irradiation of low frequency (20 kHz) with an input capacity of 1 kW. The influences of various parameters on the transesterification reaction, including the amount of catalyst, the molar ratio of methanol to oil and the reaction time, were investigated. The objective of this work was to produce biodiesel satisfying the biodiesel-fuel standards of low energy consumption and material savings. The optimal conditions were: methanol/oil molar ratio of 5:1 and 0.7 wt.% catalyst in oil. Under these conditions, the conversion of triglycerides to fatty acid methyl esters was greater than 99% within the reaction time of 50 min. Crude biodiesel was purified by washing with tap water and drying at 70°C under reduced pressure.
19737675	Public health clinical demonstration project for smoking cessation in veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder	Veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder are at high risk for smoking and experience difficulty with smoking cessation. We designed this clinical demonstration project to provide a low-cost, feasibly implemented smoking cessation intervention that would maximize the number of smokers who accessed the intervention. Five hundred eighty-four veteran smokers were contacted by invitational letters. Interested veterans received follow-up telephone calls using standardized scripts offering three intervention resources: 1) a referral to the National Cancer Institute's Smoking Quitline, 2) web-based counseling, and 3) local Veteran Affairs pharmacologic treatment for smoking cessation. Twenty-three percent of survey recipients participated in the clinical program. Two months after these resources were offered by phone, follow-up phone calls indicated that 25% of participants providing follow-up information reported maintaining smoking abstinence. This clinical demonstration project was associated with a 2.6% impact (i.e., reach [31.1% of smokers accessed intervention] by efficacy [8.4% of those accessing intervention quit]), meaning that 2.6% of the total number of targeted smokers reported 8 week abstinence. Results suggested that this brief, low-cost intervention was feasible and promoted smoking cessation in veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder.
19738392	Comparison of bevacizumab and triamcinolone for treatment of macular edema secondary to central retinal vein occlusion - A matched-pairs analysis	Purpose: Our aim was to evaluate differences in the outcome of bevacizumab or triamcinolone acetate (TA) treatment in patients with macular edema (ME) after central retinal vein occlusion (CRVO). Procedures: In a retrospective assessment 9 bevacizumab-treated patients and 9 TA-treated ones with ME after CRVO were pair-matched according to initial best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA) and central macular thickness (CMT) as measured by Stratus optical coherence tomography. BCVA and CMT were the main endpoints. Results: The initial BCVA of 0.15± 0.1 increased not significantly by 1.0± 3.1 lines in the bevacizumab-treated patients after a mean of 10 months. The initial BCVA of 0.17± 0.1 decreased by -1.0± 5.2 lines after a mean of 13 months following initial TA injection. The only significant decrease in mean CMT by 239± 209 Î¼m occurred 8 weeks after initial bevacizumab injection. Conclusions: Both substances are able to stabilize CMT and BCVA in ME after CRVO, but only bevacizumab was devoid of unfavorable intraocular pressure elevation.
19738393	Recent causes of subconjunctival hemorrhage	Purpose: To assess the relationship between the incidence of subconjunctival hemorrhage (SCH) and age during each season of the year, and to examine recent risk factors for SCH. Methods: A total of 161 patients with SCH aged 1-94 years were involved in the study. The age, gender, medical history and ocular history were determined for all subjects. Results: The peak age of onset of SCH was between 61 and 70 years. Fourteen patients (77.7%) had trauma or contact-lens-induced injury, and 4 patients (22.3%) among the younger patients aged 0-40 years had an unknown etiology. Among the older patients aged 61-94 years, the chief risk factor for SCH was hypertension (47.5%), followed by unknown etiology (39.4%) and then diabetes (13.1%). Conclusion: These results suggest that the major current risk factors for SCH are trauma and contact-lens-induced injury in younger patients, while hypertension is the main factor in older patients. The incidence of acute hemorrhagic conjunctivitis was decreased.
19738394	Efficacy and tolerability of nonpenetrating filtering surgery in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma: A meta-analysis	Aims:To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of nonpenetrating filtering surgery in the treatment of patients with open-angle glaucoma. Methods: Pertinent studies were selected by extensive searches. A total of 17 randomized controlled trials were included in the present meta-analysis. The main outcome measures were risk differences (RDs) of complete success for efficacy and postoperative complications for tolerability. Pooled estimates were computed according to a random-effects model. Results:Viscocanalostomy and deep sclerectomy were significantly less effective than tra- beculectomy, and pooled RDs of complete success were -0.16 (95% confidence interval, CI, -0.30 to -0.02) and -0.10 (-0.19 to 0.00). Deep sclerectomy plus mitomycin C (MMC) was also less effective than trabeculectomy plus MMC, with pooled RD of complete success being -0.16 (95% CI -0.32 to -0.01). Viscocanalostomy and deep sclerectomy caused main complications in fewer patients than trabeculectomy. Conclusions:Viscocanalostomy and deep sclerectomy were less effective than trabeculectomy in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma, and deep sclerectomy plus MMC was also less effective than trabeculectomy plus MMC. However, viscocanalostomy and deep sclerectomy were associated with fewer complications than trabeculectomy.
19738395	Clinical features of polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy and visual outcomes in the absence of classic choroidal neovascularization	Background/Aims: To report on the clinical features of polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV) and to delineate visual outcomes in the absence of classic choroidal neovascularization (CNV). Methods: Records were retrospectively reviewed of 233 eyes of 215 patients diagnosed with 'definite' PCV using Japanese criteria. Results: Of patients with definite PCV, 72.1% were men and 91.6% had unilateral disease. A history of systemic hypertension was elicited in 18.1% of patients, and blood pressure measurement revealed possible hypertension in 27.4% of patients. At the initial evaluation, 28.3% of eyes had classic CNV as assessed by fluorescein angiography and were treated by photodynamic therapy or other means. Of 112 eyes with active exudation but no classic CNV and no recent decreased vision, best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA) at 3 months improved by‰¥0.2 logarithm of the minimum angle of resolution (logMAR) in 17%, was unchanged in 72% and worsened by‰¥0.2 logMAR in 11%. In 67 eyes of which 1-year data were available, BCVA improved in 19%, was unchanged in 64% and worsened in 16%. Conclusions: The majority of PCV patients were men, with a high rate of diagnosed or suspected hypertension. More than two thirds of eyes had no evidence of classic CNV, of which 89% had stable or improved vision at 3 months without specific treatment. Of eyes followed for 12 months, 83% had stable or improved vision.
19738396	Stimulus parameters for goldmann kinetic perimetry in nonorganic visual loss	Objective: To investigate the influence of the stimulus parameters on perimetry at various distances and draw conclusions for the clinical exploration of nonorganic visual loss. Methods: Visual field testing using Goldmann kinetic perimetry was performed on 15 healthy volunteers. The I/1e isopter at 33 cm was compared to the I/1e, II/1e and I/2e isopters at 66 cm. The 0/1e isopter at 33 cm was compared to the 0/1e, I/1e and 0/2e isopters at 66 cm. Results: Doubling the examination distance without adjusting the stimulus parameters resulted in significant perimetric visual field constriction. Doubling the stimulus diameter resulted in perimetric visual field expansion by a factor of 2.26 and 3.32 for I/1e and 0/1e, respectively. Increasing stimulus luminance by a factor of 3.17 caused expansion by a factor of 2.15 and 2.32 for I/1e and 0/1e, respectively. Conclusions: To avoid falsely diagnosing visual field constriction, stimulus parameters need to be adjusted when visual field testing is performed at double distance. Increasing stimulus luminance was more appropriate than augmenting stimulus size.
19740650	Industrial harvesting of olive tree pruning residue for energy biomass	In Mediterranean countries, olive tree pruning residue represents an abundant source of energy biomass, still largely unexploited for lack of cost-effective harvesting technology. The authors tested two industrial pruning harvesters, capable of overcoming the limits of lighter units appeared in the past years. One of the machines was designed for application to a powerful farm tractor, whereas the other was a self-propelled dedicated harvester. Data were collected from 10 operations, covering a total of 69 hectares and producing over 190 tonnes of wood fuel. Recorded productivity varied between 3 and 9 tonnes per scheduled machine hour (SMH), or 2-7 oven dry tonnes (odt) SMH-1. Harvesting cost varied from 17 to 52‚¬ t-1, with an average value of 28‚¬ t-1: these values correspond, respectively to 22, 70 and 40‚¬ odt-1. This compares very favourably with the average 1-1.5 ton SMH-1 offered by lighter commercial units. Productivity was related to residue density, row length and forwarding distance. Mechanical availability was high and over 90%, for both machines. The authors also developed a simple deterministic model capable of predicting harvesting productivity and cost, as a function of significant site and economic conditions. The model can also be used to determine the break-even utilization level, below which the operational flexibility of a tractor-mounted operation becomes preferable to the higher productivity of a specialised unit.
19740653	Evaluation of alkyl esters from Camelina sativa oil as biodiesel and as blend components in ultra low-sulfur diesel fuel	Methyl and ethyl esters were prepared from camelina [Camelina sativa (L.) Crantz] oil by homogenous base-catalyzed transesterification for evaluation as biodiesel fuels. Camelina oil contained high percentages of linolenic (32.6 wt.%), linoleic (19.6 wt.%), and oleic (18.6 wt.%) acids. Consequently, camelina oil methyl and ethyl esters (CSME and CSEE) exhibited poor oxidative stabilities and high iodine values versus methyl esters prepared from canola, palm, and soybean oils (CME, PME, and SME). Other fuel properties of CSME and CSEE were similar to CME, PME, and SME, such as low temperature operability, acid value, cetane number, kinematic viscosity, lubricity, sulfur and phosphorous contents, as well as surface tension. As blend components in ultra low-sulfur diesel fuel, CSME and CSEE were essentially indistinguishable from SME and soybean oil ethyl ester blends with regard to low temperature operability, kinematic viscosity, lubricity, and surface tension.
19744796	The role of coping in moderating within-day associations between negative triggers and substance use cravings: A daily diary investigation	To address the lack of research examining within-person processes associated with the maintenance of abstinence from substance use, this study examines both associations between negative affect and social experiences and same-day levels of substance use cravings among college students in 'Twelve-Step' substance abuse recovery and the role of coping strategies in moderating these within-day associations. The sample consisted of 1222 end-of-day reports made by 55 recovering college students, 39 males and 16 females. Findings include that daily cravings were predicted by same-day negative affect and each of four negative social experiences. Moreover, each of these within-day associations was moderated by individuals' levels of avoidance coping. In contrast, problem-solving coping only moderated the associations between negative affect and cravings. These findings document a within-day mechanism through which coping strategies, especially avoidance coping, may influence daily variation in cravings and in turn affect abstinence.
19744810	A direct LC/MS/MS method for the determination of ciclopirox penetration across human nail plate in in vitro penetration studies	Due to severe chelating effect caused by N-hydroxylpyridone group of ciclopirox, there is no published direct HPLC or LC/MS/MS method for the determination of ciclopirox in any in vitro or in vivo matrix. Instead, the time-consuming pre-column derivatization methods have been adapted for indirect analysis of ciclopirox. After overcoming the chelating problem by using K2EDTA coated tubes, a direct, sensitive and high-throughput LC/MS/MS method was successfully developed and validated to determine the amount of ciclopirox that penetrated across the nail plate during in vitro nail penetration studies. The method involved adding a chemical analog, chloridazon as internal standard (IS) in K2EDTA coated tubes, mixing IS with ciclopirox in a 96-well plate and then proceeding to LC/MS/MS analysis. The MS/MS was selected to monitor m/z 208.0†’ 135.8 and 221.8†’ 77.0 for ciclopirox and IS, respectively, using positive electrospray ionization. The method was validated over a concentration range of 8-256 ng/mL, yielding calibration curves with correlation coefficients greater than 0.9991 with a lower limit of quantitation (LLOQ) of 8 ng/mL. The assay precision and accuracy were evaluated using quality control (QC) samples at three concentration levels. Analyzed concentrations ranged from 101% to 113% of their respective nominal concentration levels with coefficients of variation (CV) below 10.6%. The average recovery of ciclopirox from nail matrix was 101%. The validated method was successfully used to analyze the ciclopirox formulation and in vitro nail penetration samples.
19744811	Novel, dynamic on-line analytical separation system for dissolution of drugs from poly(lactic acid) nanoparticles	A novel method for investigating drug release in a dynamic manner from nanoparticles including, but not limited to, biodegradable poly(lactic acid) (PLA) is reported. The PLA nanoparticles were prepared by the nanoprecipitation method. Two poorly soluble drugs, beclomethasone dipropionate (BDP) and indomethacin, were encapsulated into PLA nanoparticles, and their dissolution from the nanoparticles were followed in a dynamic way. The on-line method comprised a short column (vessel) packed with the PLA nanoparticles, on-line connected to an analytical liquid chromatographic column via a multiport switching valve equipped with two loops. The system allowed monitoring of the drug release profiles in real time, and the conditions for the drug release could be precisely controlled and easily changed. The effects of solvent composition and temperature on the rate of dissolution of the drugs from the PLA nanoparticles were investigated. The system proved to be linear for the drugs tested over the concentration range 10-3000 ng (n = 6, R2 = 0.999 and 0.997 for indomethacin and beclomethasone, respectively) and repeatable (RSD of peak areas <0.5%). The recoveries of the dissolution study were quantitative (120 and 103% for indomethacin and beclomethasone, respectively).
19748263	Partial characterization of an effluent produced by cooking of Jumbo squid (Dosidicus gigas) mantle muscle	Jumbo squid (Dosidicus gigas) mantle muscle was cooked simulating industrial procedures (95°C Ã— 25 min, 1.2:5 muscle:water ratio). The effluent produced was analyzed for chemical and biochemical oxygen demands (COD and BOD5, respectively), proximate analysis, flavor-related compounds (free amino acids, nucleotides and carbohydrates) and SDS-PAGE. The COD and BOD5 exhibited variation among samplings (N = 3) (27.4-118.5 g O2/L for COD and 11.3-26.7 g O2/L for BOD5). The effluent consisted of 1% total solids, 75% of which represented crude protein. Sixty percent of the total free amino acid content, which imparts flavor in squid species, corresponded to glutamic acid, serine, glycine, arginine, alanine, leucine and lysine. The nucleotide concentration followed this order, Hx‰« ADP > AMP > ATP > IMP > HxR. The variation observed in the present work was probably due to physiological maturity differences among the squid specimens (i.e., juvenile versus mature). Solids present in squid cooking effluent could be recovered and potentially used as flavor ingredients in squid-analog production by the food industry.
19748265	Selection of indicator bacteria based on screening of 16S rDNA metagenomic library from a two-stage anoxic-oxic bioreactor system degrading azo dyes	Dye degradation has gained attention of late due to indiscriminate disposal from user industries. Enhancing efficiency of biological treatment provides a cheaper alternative vis-Ã -vis other advanced technologies. Dye molecules are metabolized biologically via anoxic and oxic treatments. In this study, bacterial community surviving on dye effluent working in anoxic-oxic bioreactor was analyzed using 16S rDNA approach. Azo-dye decolorizing and degrading bacterial community was enriched in lab-scale two-stage anoxic-oxic bioreactor. 16S rDNA metagenomic libraries of enriched population were constructed, screened and phylogenetically analyzed separately. Removal ofˆ¼35% COD with complete decolorization was observed in anoxic bioreactor. Process was carried out by uncultured gamma proteobacterium constituting 48% of the total population and 12% clones having homology to Klebsiella. Aromatic amines generated during partial treatment under anoxic bioreactor were treated by aerobic population having 72% unculturable unidentified bacterium and rest of the population consisting of Thauera sp., Pseudoxanthomonas sp., Desulfomicrobium sp., Ottowia sp., Acidovorax sp., and Bacteriodetes bacterium sp.
19748776	Bioenergy production for CO2-mitigation and rural development via valorisation of low value crop residues and their upgrade into energy carriers: A challenge for sunflower and soya residues	The present study concerns the energetic valorization of sunflower and soya residues by air fixed-bed gasification. The main process parameters that have been investigated were the temperature and air equivalence ratio. Experimental results indicated that the high temperature and air had a positive effect in gas yield for both residues by ensuring mild oxidative conditions. Gasification gas composition showed different trends of H2/CO ratio for the two residues at low equivalence ratios. The LHV of the produced gas from both residues varied from 6.84 to 12 MJ/Nm3. The energy recovery achieved via gasification could reach 0.07 and 0.02 per acre of cultivated area for the sunflower and soya residues, respectively, in terms of tons of oil equivalent. Sunflower shown higher oil production and energy recovery than soya did. The results of the present study indicate the viability of alternative energy production from agricultural biomass by gasification. Such residues could comprise an attractive renewable source of energy for covering additional energy demands in agricultural regions through exploitation in small gasification systems.
19752562	Mast cells and basophils: A potential link in promoting angiogenesis during allergic inflammation	Mast cells and basophils are granulated metachromatic cells which possess complex and partially overlapping roles in acquired and innate immunity, including both effector and regulatory activities. Mast cells and basophils cooperate in exacerbating and/or modulating inflammation as well as in mediating subsequent tissue repair. Mast cells release a series of potent proangiogenic molecules during inflammation that stimulate vessel sprouting and new vessel formation. Recent data suggest that basophils may also play a role in inflammation-related angiogenesis, principally but not exclusively through the expression of several forms of vascular endothelial growth factors and their receptors. This review focuses on the potential cooperative link between mast cells and basophils in promoting angiogenesis during allergic inflammation. We discuss the multifaceted roles of mast cells and basophils in inflammatory mechanisms of allergic diseases and whether these cells can be both source and target of proangiogenic mediators.
19752563	The traditional herbal medicine saireito exerts its inhibitory effect on murine oxazolone-induced colitis via the induction of Th1-polarized immune responses in the mucosal immune system of the colon	Background: Ulcerative colitis is an intractable inflammatory colonic disease, and its etiology remains unclear. Saireito, a traditional herbal medicine, is widely used for treating ulcerative colitis in Japan. We analyzed the immunological characteristics of an oxazolone (OXZ)-induced colitis (OC) model and examined the effects of sareito on this model. Methods: OXZ was injected into the colon of BALB/c mice. Saireito was orally administered once a day for 3 consecutive days. Colitis was assessed by scoring the symptoms and macroscopic findings. The transcription patterns in the middle colon and spleen were analyzed with global transcriptome analysis and real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Results: The above-mentioned scores were increased in the OC mice. The transcription levels of Th2 cytokines were significantly upregulated in the spleen and middle colon of the OC mice, whereas those of the Th1 cytokine interferon (IFN)-Î³ decreased in the spleen and increased in the middle colon. Saireito significantly ameliorated OC. In the middle colon of the saireito-treated mice, enhanced expression of Th2 cytokine mRNAs was markedly downregulated, while that of IFN-Î³ mRNA was further upregulated. In contrast, in the spleen, saireito had no effect on the transcription of either type of cytokine. After global transcriptome analysis, real-time PCR analysis revealed that saireito greatly downregulated the enhanced expression of the suppressor of cytokine signaling (SOCS)-3 mRNA in the middle colon of OC mice. Conclusions: Saireito exhibits inhibitory effects on OC by the induction of Th1-polarized immune responses in the mucosal immune system of the colon.
19752564	Oral treatment with probiotics reduces allergic symptoms in ovalbumin-sensitized mice: A bacterial strain comparative study	Background/Aim: Evidence demonstrating an important role of the intestinal microbiota in the incidence of allergic disorders has led to the concept of using probiotics as possible antiallergic therapy. This study aimed to select a bacterial strain with the best antiallergic treatment effects from a panel of 6 bacterial strains in a mouse model of ovalbumin(OVA)-allergic asthma. Methods: OVA-sensitized BALB/c mice were orally administered the bacterial strains Bifidobacterium breve M-16V, B. infantis NumRes251, B. animalis NumRes252 and NumRes253, Lactobacillus plantarum NumRes8 and L. rhamnosus NumRes6. After challenge by OVA inhalation in the lungs, the response to methacholine was measured. Pulmonary inflammation was assessed by analyzing bronchoalveolar lavage fluid for the presence of eosinophils, neutrophils, macrophages and lymphocytes and for interleukin 4, interleukin 5, interleukin 10 and interferon-Î³. OVA-specific IgE, IgG1 and IgG2a were measured in serum. Next, the effect on acute allergic skin reaction was measured after treatment with B. breve M-16V and L. plantarum NumRes8. Results: Of the panel of 6 strains, B. breve M-16V and L. plantarum NumRes8 inhibited (1) the response to methacholine, (2) reduced the number of eosinophils in the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, (3) reduced both OVA-specific IgE and (4) OVA-specific IgG1, whereas the other strains did not affect all these parameters simultaneously. B. breve M-16V but not L. plantarum NumRes8 reduced interleukin 4, interleukin 5 and interleukin 10. Furthermore, B. breve M-16V but not L. plantarum NumRes8 reduced acute allergic skin reactions to OVA. Conclusion: B. breve M-16V was identified as the most potent antiallergic strain.
19752565	TLR3 in human eosinophils: Functional effects and decreased expression during allergic rhinitis	Background/Aim: Viral respiratory infections are increasingly implicated in allergic exacerbations. Virus-induced activation of eosinophils through Toll-like receptors (TLRs) could be involved. The present study was designed to examine TLR3 expression in eosinophils from bone marrow (BM) and peripheral blood (PB) during symptomatic allergic rhinitis, and to evaluate the functional responsiveness of TLR3 in purified eosinophils. Methods: BM and PB samples were obtained from healthy volunteers and patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis outside and during the pollen season. Eosinophils were analyzed for TLR3 expression by flow cytometry. Polyinosinic:polycytidylic acid [poly(I:C)], an agonist for TLR3, was used to assess its functional role in purified eosinophils and the intracellular signaling pathways involved. Results: TLR3 expression was demonstrated in BM and PB eosinophils. It was higher in BM-derived than in circulating cells and it was downregulated in both compartments during symptomatic allergic rhinitis. TLR3 expression was also downregulated in the presence of interleukin (IL)-4 and IL- 5. Stimulation with poly(I:C) increased the percentage of CD11b+ cells and enhanced the secretion of IL-8, effects mediated via the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases and nuclear factor-ÎºB signaling pathways. Moreover, pretreatment with IL-5 augmented the poly(I:C)-induced IL-8 release. Conclusions: Eosinophils activated via TLR3 might be more able to home and recruit leukocytes to sites of inflammation. The decreased TLR3 expression during symptomatic allergic rhinitis and in the presence of Th2 cytokines indicates a role in allergic airway inflammation. Thus, eosinophils might function as a link between viral infections and exacerbations of allergic disease.
19752566	Participation of CD11b and F4/80 molecules in the conjunctival eosinophilia of experimental allergic conjunctivitis	Background: CD11b and F4/80 are macrophage surface markers. How these molecules participate in allergic eosinophil infiltration remains unclear. We examined the roles CD11b and F4/80 play in the conjunctival eosinophil infiltration associated with experimental allergic conjunctivitis. Methods: Ragweed-immunized BALB/c mice were challenged with ragweed in eye drops to induce conjunctival eosinophil infiltration. The effect of challenge on conjunctival CD11b+ and F4/80+ cell numbers was determined by immunohistochemistry. In the same model, blocking anti-CD11b and anti-F4/80 Abs were injected intraperitoneally during the induction or the effector phase, or subconjunctivally 2 h before challenge, to determine their effect on challenge-induced conjunctival eosinophilia. To examine whether eosinophils express CD11b and F4/80 molecules, splenocytes from IL-5 gene-electroporated mice were subjected to flow cytometric analysis. To clarify the involvement of CD11b and F4/80 in conjunctival eosinophil infiltration, mice were intraperitoneally injected with anti-CD11b and anti-F4/80 Abs and then subconjunctivally injected with eotaxin to induce conjunctival eosinophilia. Results: Ragweed challenge elevated conjunctival CD11b+ and F4/80+ cell numbers. Systemic anti-CD11b and anti-F4/80 Ab treatments during the effector phase, but not in either the induction phase or the local injection of Ab, suppressed conjunctival eosinophil infiltration in ragweed-induced conjunctivitis. Most splenic eosinophils from IL-5 gene-introduced mice expressed CD11b and F4/80. Systemic anti-CD11b and anti-F4/80 Ab treatment suppressed conjunctival eosinophilia induced by subconjunctival eotaxin injection. Conclusions: CD11b and F4/80 appear to participate in conjunctival eosinophil infiltration in allergic conjunctivitis. Their involvement in conjunctival eosinophilia appears to be due to their expression on eosinophils rather than on macrophages.
19752567	Nasal lavage in pregnant women with seasonal allergic rhinitis: A randomized study	Background: Nasal rinsing appears particularly suitable in the management of pregnant women with seasonal allergic rhinitis since no deleterious effects on the fetus are to be expected. However, to date, no studies have specifically investigated this option. Methods: Pregnant women with seasonal allergic rhinitis were randomized to intranasal lavage with hypertonic saline solution 3 times daily (n = 22) versus no local therapy (n = 23) during a 6-week period corresponding to the pollen season. Patients were invited to keep a daily record of rhinitis symptoms (rhinorrea, obstruction, nasal itching and sneezing), to record consumption of oral antihistamine and to undergo rhinomanometry. Results: The rhinitis score was similar at study entry but a statistically significant improvement in this score was observed in the study group during all subsequent weeks (p < 0.001 for weeks 2-6). The mean number of daily antihistamines use per patient per week was significantly reduced at weeks 2, 3 and 6 (p < 0.001, p < 0.001 and p = 0.001, respectively). Baseline rhinomanometry performed at week 1 showed similar nasal resistance in the study and control groups. In contrast, a statistically significant difference emerged in the 2 following evaluations. At week 3, nasal resistance in the study and control groups was 0.96± 0.44 and 1.38± 0.52 Pa/ml/s, respectively (p = 0.006). At week 6, it was 0.94± 0.38 and 1.35± 0.60 Pa/ml/s, respectively (p = 0.006). No adverse effect was reported in the active group. Conclusions: Nasal rinsing is a safe and effective treatment option in pregnant women with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
19752568	Incidence and remission of specific ige aeroallergen sensitization from age of 40 to 60 years, and association with alcohol consumption	Background: Data on incidence and long-term persistence of IgE aeroallergen sensitization in older adults are limited. Alcohol consumption is a strong immune-modulator with a significant impact on the IgE response. Objectives: We aimed to assess the incidence and remission of aeroallergen sensitization from the age of 40 to 60 years. Furthermore, we examined the relationship of alcohol consumption to the prevalence and incidence of aeroallergen sensitization. Methods: In 1976-1977, a total of 1,200 people born in 1936 and randomly selected from the general population were invited for a health examination (1,052 were examined). At 60 years, they were invited for a re-examination (695 were examined). Stored serum samples from both examinations were analyzed consecutively for serum-specific IgE to aeroallergens by using a qualitative multi-allergen immunoassay. Results: We observed a total of 32 (7.1% of those not sensitized at 40 years) incident cases and 35 (41.1% of those sensitized at 40 years) remittent cases of aeroallergen sensitization over this 20 year period. Persistent as well as incident sensitization was significantly associated with self-reported atopic disease at 60 years. Alcohol consumption (>14 drinks per week) at 40 years was significantly associated with a higher prevalence of sensitization at 40 years, but not with the incidence of sensitization. Conclusions: In older adults, aeroallergen sensitization as reflected by serum-specific IgE positivity to aeroallergens is a dynamic process. Both persistent and incident sensitization was associated with atopic disease. Further studies are needed to clarify the influence of alcohol on the allergen-specific IgE response.
19752569	Novel and recurrent mutations in the C1NH gene of arab patients affected with hereditary angioedema	Background: Autosomal dominant hereditary angioedema (HAE) results in episodes of subcutaneous edema in any body part and/or submucosal edema of the upper respiratory or gastrointestinal tracts. This disorder is caused by mutations in the C1NH gene, many of which have been described primarily in European patients. However, the genetic cause of HAE in Middle Eastern Arab patients has not yet been determined. Methods: Four unrelated Arab families, in which 15 patients were diagnosed with HAE, were studied. DNA from 13 patients was analyzed for mutations in the C1NH gene by DNA sequencing. Results: Three novel and 2 recurrent mutations were identified in the C1NH gene of HAE patients. In family 1, the patient was heterozygous for a novel c.856C>T and a recurrent c.1361T>A missense mutation encoding for p.Arg264Cys and p.Val432Glu, respectively. In patients from family 2, a novel c.509C>T missense mutation encoding for a p.Ser148Phe was identified. In patients from family 3, a novel c.1142delC nonsense mutation encoding for a p.Ala359AlafsX15 was discovered. In family 4, a recurrent c.1397G>A missense mutation encoding for a p.Arg444His was present. Conclusion: This is the first ever report of C1NH gene mutations in Middle Eastern Arab patients. Our study suggests that, despite the numerous existing mutations in the C1NH gene, there are novel and recurrent mutations in HAE patients of non-European origin. We conclude that the spectrum of C1NH gene mutations in HAE patients is wider due to the likely presence of novel and recurrent mutations in patients of other ethnicities.
19752570	Smad3 regulates dermal cytokine and chemokine expression and specific antibody production in murine responses to a respiratory chemical sensitizer	Background: The cytokine transforming growth factor-Î²(TGF-Î²) has important regulatory roles in the immune system. To investigate the role of intact TGF-Î² signaling during the contact hypersensitivity (CHS) response to a respiratory allergen, we exposed Smad3-/- mice to topical trimellitic anhydride (TMA). Methods: CHS was induced by topical application of TMA. The swelling of the TMA-exposed ears was analyzed, and lymph node, ear tissue and skin biopsies were collected for RNA isolation, histology and histochemical analyses. Lymph node cell proliferation was measured and blood samples were collected for analysis of TMA-specific immunoglobulin. Results: Topical TMA exposure resulted in increased mRNA expression of proinflammatory and suppressive cytokines (IL-1Î², TNF-Î±, IL-6, IFN-Î³, IL-4, IL-10, IL-17, IL-23, TGF-Î²), chemokines (CXCL9, CXCL10, CCL24) and chemokine receptors (CCR7, CCR8, CXCR2), increased numbers of CD3+ T cells in ear tissue, and lymphadenopathy in the Smad3-/- mice. The IL-10 result was confirmed at the protein level by immunohistochemistry. However, the ear-swelling response and infiltration of eosinophils, F4/80+ cells, CD11c+ cells and mast cells were similar in the Smad3-/- mice compared to their wild-type (WT) siblings. While TMA-specific IgE was induced equally in the WT and Smad3-/- mice, the concentration of TMA-specific IgG2a was significantly lower in the Smad3-/- mice. Conclusions: The Smad3 molecule contributes significantly to the regulation of the cytokine and chemokine network during the CHS response to TMA. The lack of Smad3 resulted in a potent Th2 shift, confirmed by strongly impaired IgG2a levels.
19752571	Autoimmune pancreatitis associated with myelodysplastic syndrome	A 65-year-old man with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) was admitted for progressive jaundice. Diffuse pancreatic swelling and stricture of the main pancreatic duct were observed with elevated serum levels of direct bilirubin, aspartate transaminase, alanine transaminase, alkaline phosphatase, Î³GTP and amylase, and impaired glucose tolerance. Serum IgG and IgG4 levels were highly elevated, and both the direct antiglobulin test and platelet-associated IgG were positive. He was diagnosed with autoimmune pancreatitis associated with MDS, and biliary drainage followed by immunosuppressive therapy ameliorated the jaundice and laboratory findings. In addition to diffuse pancreatic FDG accumulation, fine incorporations of FDG to the lachrymal and submandibular glands were demonstrated, suggesting the recently proposed IgG4+ multiorgan lymphoproliferative syndrome (MOLPS). The etiology of IgG4+ MOLPS is still unknown; however, autoantibodies to blood cells in this case suggested that the autoimmune mechanism, which is caused by abnormal immune functions in MDS patients, might be involved in the pathogenesis of IgG4+ MOLPS.
19752572	Occupational inhalant allergy to pork followed by food allergy to pork and chicken: Sensitization to hemoglobin and serum albumin	Background: Animal-derived proteins are implicated in primary food allergies, but also in inhalant allergies with secondary food allergy symptoms. The objective of this study was to define the allergen(s) implicated in a case of food allergy to chicken meat, which developed in a person previously sensitized to pork after occupational exposure. Methods: A 42-year-old female with a history of occupational inhalant allergy to pork reported rhinitis, asthma, dysphonia and conjunctivitis 30 min after ingestion of chicken. Skin tests were positive to chicken meat. Protein extracts were prepared from chicken meat. Allergens were characterized by IgE immunoblotting, N-terminal sequencing and ELISA. Results: The patient showed specific IgE binding to chicken meat proteins at 12, 14, 26, 55 and 65 kDa. N-terminal amino acid sequencing identified the 12- and 14-kDa proteins as the Î±- and Î²-chain of hemoglobin. ELISA and immunoblot showed specific IgE binding to hemoglobin purified from chicken blood. IgE antibodies to chicken serum albumin were detected by ELISA. Inhibition studies with chicken and porcine hemoglobin as well as with serum albumins demonstrated cross-reactive IgE antibodies. Conclusions: We report a case of confirmed occupational inhalant allergy due to pork followed by food allergy to pork and 3 years later by food allergy to chicken. Porcine and chicken hemoglobin were found to be cross-reactive allergens. Cross-reactivity between porcine and chicken serum albumin was possibly linked to a prior sensitization to cat serum albumin.
19752577	Effect of intermittent hypercapnia on respiratory control in rat pups	Preterm infants are subject to fluctuations in blood gas status associated with immature respiratory control. Intermittent hypoxia during early postnatal life has been shown to increase chemoreceptor sensitivity and destabilize the breathing pattern; however, intermittent hypercapnia remains poorly studied. Therefore, to test the hypothesis that intermittent hypercapnia results in altered respiratory control, we examined the effects of daily exposure to intermittent hypercapnia on the ventilatory response to subsequent hypercapnic and hypoxic exposure in neonatal rat pups. Exposure cycles consisted of 5 min of intermittent hypercapnia (5% CO2, 21% O2, balance N2) followed by 10 min of normoxia. Rat pups were exposed to 18 exposure cycles each day for 1 week, from postnatal day 7 to 14. We analyzed diaphragm electromyograms (EMGs) from pups exposed to subsequent acute hypercapnic (5% CO2) and hypoxic (12% O2) challenges. In response to a subsequent hypercapnia challenge, there was no significant difference in the ventilatory response between control and intermittent hypercapnia-exposed groups. In contrast, intermittent hypercapnia-exposed rat pups showed an enhanced ventilatory response to hypoxic challenge with an increase in minute EMG to 118± 14% of baseline versus 107± 13% for control pups (p < 0.05). We speculate that prior hypercapnic exposure may increase peripheral chemoreceptor response to subsequent hypoxic exposures and result in perturbed neonatal respiratory control.
19752578	Cardiac output measurement in ventilated lambs with a significant left-to-right shunt using the modified carbon dioxide Fick method	Background: It remains a great challenge to measure systemic blood flow in critically ill newborns. In a former study we validated the modified carbon dioxide Fick (mCO2F) method for measurement of cardiac output in a newborn lamb model. In this new study we studied the influence of a left-to-right shunt on the accuracy of the mCO2F method. Objective: To analyze the influence of a left-to-right shunt on the agreement between cardiac output measurement with the mCO2F method and ultrasonic transit time pulmonary blood flow in a lamb model. Methods: The study was approved by the Ethical Committee on Animal Research of the Radboud University Nijmegen and performed in 8 random-bred lambs. A Gore-TexÂ® shunt was placed between the left pulmonary artery and the descending aorta. This aortopulmonary shunt was intermittently opened and closed, while cardiac output was manipulated by creating hemorrhagic hypotension. Cardiac output measurement with the mCO2F method (QmCO2F) was compared with pulmonary blood flow obtained by a transit time ultrasonic flow probe positioned around the common pulmonary artery (QAPC). Results: Bias, defined as Q mCO2F - QAPC, was calculated for each measurement. With an open shunt there was a significant left-to-right shunt (mean Qp/Qs ratio 2.26; range 1.56-3.69). Mean bias (SD) was -12.3 (50.4) mlÂ·kg -1Â·min-1 and -12.3 (42.7) mlÂ·kg -1Â·min-1 for measurements with a closed and open shunt, respectively (no statistical significant difference). Conclusions: Cardiac output measurement with the mCO2F method is reliable and easily applicable in ventilated newborn lambs, also in the presence of a significant left-to-right shunt.
19752583	Spontaneous reattachment of the margins of a macular retinal pigment epithelium tear: Optical coherence tomography documentation of a case	Purpose: To document by optical coherence tomography (OCT) the reattachment of the margins of a retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) tear. Methods: Single case report, documented by OCT scans, autofluorescence and fluorescein angiography. Results: A 67-year-old male presented with a spontaneous RPE tear due to age-related macular degeneration in his right eye. Three months later we observed that the focal RPE tear had healed and there was a new intraretinal fluid, well documented by OCT imaging. Conclusions: OCT scans show the reattachment of the margins of an RPE tear healed by tissue remodelling, and illustrate how the disease can recur.
19758780	Investigation of the HPLC response of NSAIDs by fractional experimental design and multivariate regression analysis. Response optimization and new retention parameters	The optimization of the HPLC procedures and the investigation of the predictive models are generally seen as distinct tasks although they could be both approached by very similar chemometric methods. In this work we used chemometric approaches to both optimize the separation of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) set by isocratic reversed-phase HPLC and start-up the development of retention predictive models. The screening of responsive variables and the search for an optimal experimental domain provided also an insight into the structure-chromatographic response relationships for the considered compounds which were particularly helpful to derive new retention parameters.
19758782	Practical comparison of 2.7 Î¼m fused-core silica particles and porous sub-2 Î¼m particles for fast separations in pharmaceutical process development	Fused-core silica stationary phases represent a key technological advancement in the arena of fast HPLC separations. These phases are made by fusing a 0.5 Î¼m porous silica layer onto 1.7 Î¼m nonporous silica cores. The reduced intra-particle flow path of the fused particles provides superior mass transfer kinetics and better performance at high mobile phase velocities, while the fused-core particles provide lower pressure than sub-2 Î¼m particles. In this work, chromatographic performance of the fused-core particles (Ascentis Express) was investigated and compared to that of sub-2 Î¼m porous particles (1.8 Î¼m Zorbax Eclipse Plus C18 and 1.7 Î¼m Acquity BEH C18). Specifically, retention, selectivity, and loading capacity were systematically compared for these two types of columns. Other chromatographic parameters such as efficiency and pressure drop were also studied. Although the fused-core column was found to provide better analyte shape selectivity, both columns had similar hydrophobic, hydrogen bonding, total ion-exchange, and acidic ion-exchange selectivities. As expected, the retention factors and sample loading capacity on the fused-core particle column were slightly lower than those for the sub-2 Î¼m particle column. However, the most dramatic observation was that similar efficiency separations to the sub-2 Î¼m particles could be achieved using the fused-core particles, without the expense of high column back pressure. The low pressure of the fused-core column allows fast separations to be performed routinely on a conventional LC system without significant loss in efficiency or resolution. Applications to the HPLC impurity profiling of drug substance candidates were performed using both types of columns to validate this last point.
19758800	Performance evaluation of adding ethanol production into an existing combined heat and power plant	In this paper, the configuration and performance of a polygeneration system are studied by modelling the integration of a lignocellulosic wood-to-ethanol process with an existing combined heat and power (CHP) plant. Data from actual plants are applied to validate the simulation models. The integrated polygeneration system reaches a total efficiency of 50%, meeting the heating load in the district heating system. Excess heat from the ethanol production plant supplies 7.9 MW to the district heating system, accounting for 17.5% of the heat supply at full heating load. The simulation results show that the production of ethanol from woody biomass is more efficient when integrated with a CHP plant compared to a stand-alone production plant. The total biomass consumption is reduced by 13.9% while producing the same amounts of heat, electricity and ethanol fuel as in the stand-alone configurations. The results showed that another feature of the integrated polygeneration system is the longer annual operating period compared to existing cogeneration. Thus, the renewable electricity production is increased by 2.7% per year.
19762232	Genetic diversity and characterization of heavy metal-resistant-endophytic bacteria from two copper-tolerant plant species on copper mine wasteland	The diversity of endophytic bacteria from the copper-tolerant species Elsholtzia splendens and Commelina communis was evaluated by using cultivation and cultivation-independent techniques. Phylogenetic analysis based on 16S rDNA sequences showed that the Cu-resistant isolates belonged to three major phylogenetic groups: Firmicutes, Actinobacteria and Proteobacteria. Bacillus and Acinetobacter were predominant among the Cu-resistant isolates. Sequence analysis from the 16S rDNA clone libraries of the two plant roots revealed sequences of Alpha-, Beta-, Gamma-Proteobacteria, Firmicutes, Actinobacteria and Bacteroidetes. Gammaproteobacteria was predominant in the two 16S rDNA clone libraries. Thirty-two endophytic bacteria were isolated and characterized with respect to heavy metal resistance and production of plant growth-promoting factors. In experiments involving rape plants grown in vermiculite containing 4 mg kg-1 of Cu, inoculation with the isolates was found to increase the dry weights of roots (ranging from 132% to 155%) and above-ground tissues (ranging from 71% to 83%) compared to the uninoculated control. Increase in above-ground tissue Cu content varied from 63% to 125% in inoculated-rape plants cultivated in Cu-contaminated substrate compared to the uninoculated control.
19765983	A dioxygenase of Pleurotus sapidus transforms (+)-valencene regio-specifically to (+)-nootkatone via a stereo-specific allylic hydroperoxidation	A selective and highly efficient allylic oxidation of the sesquiterpene (+)-valencene to the grapefruit flavour compound (+)-nootkatone was achieved with lyophilisate of the edible mushroom Pleurotus sapidus. The catalytic reaction sequence was elucidated through the identification of intermediate, (+)-valencene derived hydroperoxides. A specific staining of hydroperoxides allowed the semi-preparative isolation of two secondary (+)-valencene hydroperoxides, 6(R)-Isopropenyl-4(R),4a(S)-dimethyl-2,3,4,4a,5,6,7,8-octahydro-naphthalen-4(S)-yl-hydroperoxide and 6(R)-Isopropenyl-4(R),4a(S)-dimethyl-2,3,4,4a,5,6,7,8-octahydro-naphthalen-2(R)-yl-hydroperoxide. Chemical reduction of the biotransformation products yielded a tertiary alcohol identified as 2(R)-Isopropenyl-8(R),8a(S)-dimethyl-1,3,4,7,8,8a-hexahydro-2H-naphthalen-4a(R)-ol. This suggested a lipoxygenase-type oxidation of (+)-valencene via secondary and tertiary hydroperoxides and confirmed homology data of the key enzyme obtained previously from amino acid sequencing.
19766481	Chemical composition and pulping of date palm rachis and Posidonia oceanica - A comparison with other wood and non-wood fibre sources	In the present paper, the valorisation of two residues: Posidonia oceanica and date palm rachis was investigated. First, their chemical composition was studied and showed that they present amounts of holocellulose, lignin and cellulose similar to those encountered in softwood and hardwood. Extractives in different solvents and ash contents are relatively high. Moreover, ash composition assessment showed that silicon is the major component (17.7%) for P. oceanica. The high ash quantity and the low DP (about 370) may be considered as serious disadvantages of P. oceanica, in the pulping and papermaking context. Oppositely, the properties of rachis date palm and those of the ensuing pulp, obtained from a classical soda-anthraquinone cooking, demonstrated the suitability of this agricultural by-product for papermaking. Preliminary tests conducted on unrefined pulp suspensions and handsheets from date palm rachis in terms of freeness, Water Retention Value and mechanical properties allowed confirming the good quality of date palm rachis fibres.
19767152	Intervention effects on tobacco use in Arab and non-Arab American adolescents	A quasi-experimental design was used to test a modified Project Towards No Tobacco (TNT) use program on cigarette smoking in 380 Arab American and 236 non-Arab American 9th graders in the Midwest. Tenth grade Non-Arab American students given the intervention as 9th graders were 23% less likely to experiment (Odds Ratio = 1.31, 95% CI: 1.05, 1.64) or to have smoked cigarettes in the past 30Â days (Odd Ratio = 1.43 times, 95% CI: 1.03, 2.01) compared to Arab American youth. Arab American students reported greater experimentation with water pipe smoking than cigarettes (38% vs. 22%), and more current (16% vs. 6%) and regular (7% vs. 3%) use of water pipes than cigarettes, respectively. The intervention designed to focus on cigarette smoking had non-significant effects on water pipe smoking. These findings provide support for a school-based intervention revised to focus on prevention as well as cessation and to be culturally consistent. They also call for further research and intervention tailoring to address the problem of water pipe smoking in a growing Arab American adolescent population.
19767166	Qualitative and quantitative analysis of steroidal saponins in crude extracts from Paris polyphylla var. yunnanensis and P. polyphylla var. chinensis by high performance liquid chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry	High performance liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray ionization multi-stage tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-ESI-MSn) and triple quadrupole mass spectrometric detection (HPLC-ESI-MS/MS), respectively, had been employed for the simultaneous identification and quantification of steroidal saponins in the rhizomes of Paris polyphylla var. yunnanensis and P. polyphylla var. chinensis, which are the qualified plants of "Chonglou" in Chinese. The HPLC experiments were performed by means of a reversed-phase C-18 column and a binary mobile phase system consisting of 0.1% aqueous formic acid and acetonitrile under gradient elution conditions. The characteristic fragmentation patterns of diosgenin- and pennogenin-type steroidal saponins were investigated using ESI-MSn in negative ion mode. The MSn data of the [M-H]- ions provided structural information on the sugar sequence of the oligosaccharide chains and the aglycones of steroidal saponins. As a result, ten and seven saponins were determined in P. polyphylla var. yunnanensis and P. polyphylla var. chinensis, respectively, including four unknown compounds. One unknown compound was tentatively identified as diosgenin-3-O-Î±-l-rhamnopyranosyl(1†’ 4) [Î±-l-rhamnopyranosyl(1†’ 2)]-Î²-d-glucopyranoside and the aglycones of the other three new compounds were reported from Chonglou for the first time. The developed HPLC-ESI-MS/MS method was validated and found to be satisfactorily linear, selective and robust. The limits of detection (LODs) and quantitation (LOQs) ranged, respectively, from 0.5 to 10 ng/mL and 2 to 34 ng/mL depending on six various compounds. The intra- and inter-day precisions of the method were evaluated and were less than 5.0%. Recoveries ranged from 92% to 104% for all compounds. The established quality evaluation method was successfully used for simultaneous quantification of six predominant steroidal saponins in the rhizomes of these two Paris species.
19767201	Process modeling and analysis of pulp mill-based integrated biorefinery with hemicellulose pre-extraction for ethanol production: A comparative study	Pulp and paper mills represent a major platform to use more effectively an abundant, renewable bio-resource - wood. Modification of the modern day pulp mills into integrated forest biorefineries (IFBR) presents an excellent opportunity to produce, in addition to valuable cellulose fiber, co-products including fuel grade ethanol and additional energy, thus resulting in increased revenue streams and profitability and potentially lower the greenhouse gas emissions. A process model to simulate the integrate forest biorefinery manufacturing pulp and other co-products has been developed. This model has been used to compare three integrated biorefinery scenarios: the conventional Kraft pulping process, the pulp mill-based IFBR with hemicelluloses extraction prior to pulping for ethanol production, and the pulp mill-based IFBR with both pre-extracted hemicelluloses and the short fiber for ethanol production. Based on a fixed feedstock throughput of 2000 dry Mg wood/day, results show that the pulp mill-based IFBR with both pre-extracted hemicelluloses and the short fiber cellulose converted to ethanol can produce 0.038 MM m3 (10.04 MM gal) ethanol per year at a minimum ethanol selling price (MESP) of $491/m3 ($1.86/gal). The economic feasibility of IFBR can be further improved by using further improvements in the pre-extraction process, other biomass such as corn stover for producing ethanol, and taking advantage of the economies of scale.
19773142	Characterization of metabolites of worenine in rat biological samples using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry	The in vivo and in vitro metabolites of worenine in rat were identified or characterized using a specific and sensitive liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) method. In vivo samples including rat urine, feces, and plasma samples were collected after ingestion of 25 mg/kg worenine to healthy rats. The in vivo and in vitro samples were cleaned up by a solid-phase extraction procedure (C18 cartridges) and a liquid-liquid extraction procedure, respectively. Then these pretreated samples were injected into a reversed-phase C18 column with mobile phase of methanol-ammonium acetate (2 mM, adjusted to pH 3.5 with formic acid) (60:40, v/v) and detected by an on-line MS/MS system. As a result, at least twenty-seven metabolites and the parent medicine were found in rat urine after ingestion of worenine. Seven metabolites and the parent medicine were identified or characterized in rat feces. Three metabolites and the parent medicine were detected in rat plasma. One metabolite was found in the rat intestinal flora incubation mixture, and three metabolites were characterized in the homogenized liver incubation mixture. The main phase I metabolism of worenine in rat was dehydrogenization, hydrogenation, hydroxylation, and demethylene reactions, and that of phase II was sulfation and glucuronidation.
19775820	Childhood trauma and health outcomes in adults with comorbid substance abuse and mental health disorders	This study describes the prevalence of childhood traumatic events (CTEs) among adults with comorbid substance use disorders (SUDs) and mental health problems (MHPs) and assesses the relation between cumulative CTEs and adult health outcomes. Adults with SUDs/MHPs (N = 402) were recruited from residential treatment programs and interviewed at treatment admission. Exposures to 9 types of adverse childhood experiences were summed and categorized into 6 ordinal levels of exposure. Descriptive analyses were conducted to assess the prevalence and range of exposure to CTEs in comparison with a sample from primary health care. Logistic regression analyses were conducted to examine the association between the cumulative exposure to CTEs and adverse health outcomes. Most of the sample reported exposure to CTEs, with higher exposure rates among the study sample compared with the primary health care sample. Greater exposure to CTEs significantly increased the odds of several adverse adult outcomes, including PTSD, alcohol dependence, injection drug use, tobacco use, sex work, medical problems, and poor quality of life. Study findings support the importance of early prevention and intervention and provision of trauma treatment for individuals with SUDs/MHPs.
19775887	Cellulase production by continuous culture of Trichoderma reesei Rut C30 using acid hydrolysate prepared to retain more oligosaccharides for induction	An acid hydrolysate was prepared by a procedure chosen for retaining more oligosaccharides to improve the cellulase-inducing capability when used as substrate in the fungal fermentation for cellulase production. The effect was evaluated with continuous culture of Trichoderma reesei Rut C30 at the dilution rates of 0.03-0.08 h-1. The specific cellulase production rates were found to be relatively constant at 8.9± 0.3 (FPU/g dry cells-h), except for the lower rate, i.e., 7.2 (FPU/g-h), at the lowest dilution rate investigated (0.03 h-1). The former value was slightly higher than the rate obtained with a lactose-based medium, i.e., 8.2 (FPU/g-h). The maximum specific cell growth rate supported by the hydrolysate-based medium was 0.096 (h-1) and the apparent cell yield increased from 0.44 to 0.57 (g dry cells)/(g consumed reducing sugars) with increasing dilution rates. The best-fit maximum/ideal cell yield (without endogenous metabolism) was 0.68 (g/g), the endogenous substrate consumption rate was 0.023 (g reducing sugars)/(g dry cells-h), and the specific cell death rate was 0.016 h-1.
19776647	Neonatal period: Body composition changes in breast-fed full-term newborns	Background: Weight loss during initial days of life in healthy infants is known to consist of loss of both body solids and total body water. However, the nature of these body composition changes needs further investigation. Objective: To investigate the nature of changes in body composition that accompany weight loss during the first days of life in healthy term newborns. Methods: Body composition of healthy full-term newborns was assessed using air-displacement plethysmography. Cross-sectional (n = 262) and longitudinal samples (n = 28) were assessed during the first 4 and 5 days after delivery, respectively. Results: In the cross-sectional sample, mean body weight decreased significantly through day 4 (p < 0.001), mean fat mass (FM) and %FM decreased significantly (p = 0.005 and p = 0.031, respectively) by day 3. There was a significant decrease in mean fat-free mass on days 3 and 4 (p = 0.01 and p < 0.001, respectively). In the longitudinal sample, there was a significant decrease in mean body weight, FM and %FM (p < 0.001, p = 0.001, p = 0.013, respectively) by day 4. On day 5 there was a significant increase in mean body weight, FM and %FM (p < 0.001, p = 0.024, p = 0.036, respectively) when compared to day 4. There was no significant difference in mean FM and %FM values between day 1 and day 5. Conclusions: These results indicate that body composition changes are constituted by a reduction in both fat and fat free mass. However, a greater %FM is lost and consequently regained by day 5 when compared to fat-free mass.
19776655	Clinical and pathological observation and treatment of chronic orbital osteomyelitis	Purpose: To evaluate diagnosis, treatment, and histopathologic changes of chronic orbital osteomyelitis. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the history, clinical manifestations, computed tomography (CT) scans, histopathology, treatment methods, and outcomes for 6 patients with chronic orbital osteomyelitis at the Department of Ophthalmology, West China Hospital, from January 1988 to January 2008. Results: One of the 6 patients had a history of frontal sinusitis, 4 patients had a history of trauma, and the remaining patient had a history of lateral orbitotomy. All patients had red swelling of the skin at the orbital margin, fistula formation, and pus emerging repeatedly from the fistulae. CT scans showed that sequestrum and abscess had formed in all patients. Those patients were treated by radical debridement and antibiotics with satisfactory results. Histopathologic examination showed that in 6 patients the bone trabeculae disappeared from the sequestra, abscess formed around the sequestra, and vessel dilation occurred in the areas of pathologic change with inflammatory cell infiltration. Two sequestra were completely encapsulated by fibrous connective tissue and formed involucrum. Conclusions: Chronic orbital osteomyelitis was often found in patients with a traumatic history who had received improper or delayed treatment when injured. The main clinical features included low-grade inflammation, pus, sequestrum and fistulation. Pathologic characteristics were formation of sequestrum, abscess and involucrum. Clinical manifestations and CT scan allowed accurate diagnoses, and radical treatment using a combination of debridement and antibiotics provided satisfactory results.
19776656	An analysis of 733 surgically treated blowout fractures	Purpose: To evaluate current patient demographics and surgical outcomes from a large series of 733 surgically treated orbital fractures from an ophthalmologist's perspective. Methods: We reviewed the medical records of 733 patients with orbital fracture, who were treated surgically by one of the authors at Gil Hospital, Gachon University, from May 2000 until September 2007. Data regarding patient demographics, signs and symptoms at presentation, cause of injury, nature of fracture, associated ocular and nonocular injury, surgical outcome and complications were collected. Results: Male patients outnumbered female patients, and blowout fracture occurred most frequently between the ages of 20 and 29 years (mean age 30.7 years). Violent assault was the leading cause of the fractures, followed by fall/slip and traffic accidents. Common signs and symptoms were periorbital ecchymosis, ocular motility restriction, diplopia and enophthalmos. In the pediatric group, diplopia and ocular motility restriction were the most common. Subconjunctival hemorrhage, hyphema and commotio retinae were the most commonly associated ocular injuries. As for the location of fractures, medial wall fractures were the most common, followed by fractures of the inferior wall, and both medial and inferior walls, in order. The most common type of fracture was the 'comminuted' one. In the pediatric group, the percentage of trapdoor-type fracture was higher than in the adult group. Forty-four percent of the patients had diplopia preoperatively and 8.7% postoperatively. The average measurement of difference in the enophthalmos (â‰¥2 mm) patient population was improved from 2.62 (Â±SD 0.9) to 1.73 (Â±SD 1.3) after surgery. Ocular motility restriction was preoperatively noted in 297 patients (40.5%), and only 18 patients (2.5%) showed restriction after surgery. Conclusion: Young male individuals are at the highest risk for orbital fractures. There are marked differences in the clinical symptomatology and findings between pediatric and adult orbital fractures. Diplopia, enophthalmos and ocular motility restriction improved by repair of fracture.
19786811	Ligand-dependent activation of the chimeric tumor necrosis factor receptor-amyloid precursor protein (APP) reveals increased app processing and suppressed neuronal differentiation	The Î²-amyloid precursor protein (APP) is a type I transmembrane protein whose functions and metabolic processing have been implicated in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease (AD). APP's physical resemblance as a glycosylated receptor and the presence of several conserved motifs which are characteristics of a membrane-associated receptor has prompted interest to study and understand the role of downstream signaling events mediated by the activation of APP during both physiological and pathological conditions. Efforts to elucidate the mechanisms of APP signaling have not been conclusive. In order to further characterize the intracellular signaling activities of APP, we have constructed a chimeric APP receptor which is made up of the extracellular domain of human tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, member 1B (TNFRSF1B), the membrane-spanning segment of human APP770 isoform's Î²-cleaved carboxyl-terminal fragment (C99), and the green fluorescent protein (GFP) tagged to the carboxyl-terminus of C99. The mammalian rat pheochromocytoma (PC12) cell line is used as the cellular model for transfection of this TNFRSF1B-APP-GFP (TAF) fusion receptor. Ligand-specific stimulation of this TAF receptor using human recombinant TNF reveals the induction of cytoplasmic TAF phosphorylation on Thr743 (numbering for APP770 isoform) and an elevated release of APP intracellular domains (AICDs). Time-lapse microscopy shows the trafficking of GFP-tagged AICDs into the nucleus upon TAF receptor activation. The increased presence of AICDs is believed to suppress neuronal differentiation of PC12 cells in response to nerve growth factor treatment, by negatively regulating the levels of p53, cyclin D1 and phosphorylation of the signal transducer and activator of transcription STAT3.
20004298	Mindfulness-based stress reduction for chronic pain conditions: Variation in treatment outcomes and role of home meditation practice	Objective: This study compared changes in bodily pain, health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and psychological symptoms during an 8-week mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) program among groups of participants with different chronic pain conditions. Methods: From 1997-2003, a longitudinal investigation of chronic pain patients (n=133) was nested within a larger prospective cohort study of heterogeneous patients participating in MBSR at a university-based Integrative Medicine center. Measures included the Short-Form 36 Health Survey and Symptom Checklist-90-Revised. Paired t tests were used to compare pre-post changes on outcome measures. Differences in treatment effect sizes were compared as a function of chronic pain condition. Correlations were examined between outcome parameters and home meditation practice. Results: Outcomes differed in significance and magnitude across common chronic pain conditions. Diagnostic subgroups of patients with arthritis, back/neck pain, or two or more comorbid pain conditions demonstrated a significant change in pain intensity and functional limitations due to pain following MBSR. Participants with arthritis showed the largest treatment effects for HRQoL and psychological distress. Patients with chronic headache/migraine experienced the smallest improvement in pain and HRQoL. Patients with fibromyalgia had the smallest improvement in psychological distress. Greater home meditation practice was associated with improvement on several outcome measures, including overall psychological distress, somatization symptoms, and self-rated health, but not pain and other quality of life scales. Conclusion: MBSR treatment effects on pain, HRQoL and psychological well-being vary as a function of chronic pain condition and compliance with home meditation practice.
20160998	Estimating smooth distribution function in the presence of heteroscedastic measurement errors	Measurement error occurs in many biomedical fields. The challenges arise when errors are heteroscedastic since we literally have only one observation for each error distribution. This paper concerns the estimation of smooth distribution function when data are contaminated with heteroscedastic errors. We study two types of methods to recover the unknown distribution function: a Fourier-type deconvolution method and a simulation extrapolation (SIMEX) method. The asymptotics of the two estimators are explored and the asymptotic pointwise confidence bands of the SIMEX estimator are obtained. The finite sample performances of the two estimators are evaluated through a simulation study. Finally, we illustrate the methods with medical rehabilitation data from a neuro-muscular electrical stimulation experiment.
20352082	Fractionation and evaluation of radical scavenging peptides from in vitro digests of buckwheat protein	Buckwheat protein (BWP) isolate was subjected to a two-stage in vitro digestion (1 h pepsin followed by 2-h pancreatin at 37°C). The antioxidant potential of the BWP digests was compared by assessing their capacity to scavenge 2,2â€²-azinobis (3-ethylbenzothiszoline-6-sulphonic acid) (ABTS+{radical dot}) and hydroxyl ({radical dot}OH) radicals. The 2-h pancreatin digest, which demonstrated the strongest activity against both radicals, was subjected to Sephadex G-25 gel filtration. Of the six fractions collected, fractions IV (456 Da) and VI (362 Da) showed the highest ABTS+{radical dot} scavenging activity and were 23-27% superior to mixed BWP digest (P < 0.05). Fraction VI was most effective in neutralising{radical dot}OH and was 86% and 24% more efficient (P < 0.05) than mixed BWP digest and fraction IV, respectively. LC-MS/MS identified Trp-Pro-Leu, Val-Pro-Trp, and Val-Phe-Pro-Trp (IV), Pro-Trp (V) and tryptophan (VI) to be the prominent peptides/amino acid in these fractions.
20415000	Crossmodal and incremental perception of audiovisual cues to emotional speech	In this article we report on two experiments about the perception of audiovisual cues to emotional speech. The article addresses two questions: (1) how do visual cues from a speaker's face to emotion relate to auditory cues, and (2) what is the recognition speed for various facial cues to emotion? Both experiments reported below are based on tests with video clips of emotional utterances collected via a variant of the well-known Velten method. More specifically, we recorded speakers who displayed positive or negative emotions, which were congruent or incongruent with the (emotional) lexical content of the uttered sentence. In order to test this, we conducted two experiments. The first experiment is a perception experiment in which Czech participants, who do not speak Dutch, rate the perceived emotional state of Dutch speakers in a bimodal (audiovisual) or a unimodal (audio- or vision-only) condition. It was found that incongruent emotional speech leads to significantly more extreme perceived emotion scores than congruent emotional speech, where the difference between congruent and incongruent emotional speech is larger for the negative than for the positive conditions. Interestingly, the largest overall differences between congruent and incongruent emotions were found for the audio-only condition, which suggests that posing an incongruent emotion has a particularly strong effect on the spoken realization of emotions.
20521244	Using the ensembl genome server to browse genomic sequence data	The Ensembl project provides a comprehensive source of automatic annotation of the human genome sequence, as well as other species of biomedical interest, with confirmed gene predictions that have been integrated with external data sources. This unit describes how to use the Ensembl genome browser (http://www.ensembl.org/), the public interface of the project. It describes how to find a gene or protein of interest, how to get additional information and external links, and how to use the comparative genomic data.
21271079	New host-plant records for the defoliator ormiscodes amphimone (Fabricius) (Lepidoptera: Saturniidae)	Ormiscodes amphimone (Fabricius) is a phytophagous moth species known to severely defoliate woody species in Chile and Argentina. Here we document new records of O. amphimonehost associations emphasizing the role of Nothofagus pumilio as its primary host in our study area. This new record for Argentina is highly signifi cant given the economic importance of N. pumilio as a timber resource and the potential of O. amphimone to generate extensive outbreaks.
